Hey everybody, it's Arianita La Dinga and welcome back to my YouTube channel.
In today's video, I will teach all of you office vocabulary and we are going to walk inside
this store called Staples. It's the office superstore where they sell multiple office
supplies. Let's go ahead and walk inside.
Right now I'm inside Staples, but first of all, what is an office?
An office is a place where business or professional work is done.
For example, I'm sitting on a chair and in front of me, this is a desk. This is my office,
and you can have an office inside your house, inside your home, or you can have an office
at your workplace, where you work in a cubicle. So this is a desk, this is my planner,
and this is my office. This is a wooden desk, and it has one, two, three drawers, where I can
place a lot of office supplies.Now let's see what kind of office supplies we can have in our office.
Moving away from this area, from the desk and the chair.
let's talk about a device that you will use inside your office, and it will go underneath your desk. 
What is this called? This is where you will put sheets of paper inside, 
and it will cut the bits of paper into small pieces.This is called a paper shredder, and it will go underneath your desk, and you'll normally use
paper shredders to cut pieces of paper.for example, documents with patients information on it,
or if you have your credit card number on it, you'll want to shred those pieces of paper.
So this machine will cut or tear your pieces of paper. That way no one can read what's on your
sheets of paper. This paper shredder costs $349.99. The next vocab word is this. What is this called?
It's a machine where you can print out information on a sheet of paper. This is called a printer,
but I normally just call it printer. In this aisle, there's a bunch of printers all around me,
and the price is range from $100 up to $700. And this is a printer. So this is a printer.
It's a device where you can print out information on a sheet of paper so you can print out a text
or you can print out different photos. So this is an example of a sheet of paper that has been
printed and obviously you need ink. 
As I said before, if you want to print something out,like a picture, you will need ink. 
So these are different colors of ink. Of course, if you want a picture to be black and white, you just need black ink. But if you wanted your picture to
have a pop of color, then you will need different colored ink.
If you just printed something out from the printer and you need a copy of it, what will you do? Will you print it out again?
No, you will use this machine. This is a copyer, and you'll basically put that sheet of paper
on top of this machine and you'll scan it and you'll get a copy of the piece of paper you
wanted copied.And this is a fax machine, fax machine. It's where you can send documents electronically.
Let me know down below if you have ever used a fax machine in your office or your workplace.
And the most important thing you need to have if you have a printer or a copyer is paper.
So this is paper, and you will put multiple sheets of paper in your printer or in your copyer.

There's different types of paper. So this paper is best for black and white printing.
And then over here, this is multipurpose paper. So you can use it for black and white printing
or to print things in color. And over here, they have different types of colored paper.
So if you want a pop of color, then you can buy some neon green paper. And they have some orange
colored paper yellow. And this is a variety of different colors of colored paper.
Now let's learn what are some of the most common items you have in your office.
What is this device right here? This device will fasten together sheets of paper with a staple or
staples. This is called a stapler stapler. If you have a stapler, then you need staples.
These are just thin pieces of wire, and they'll go inside the stapler. And then you'll press down
to the stapler like that. And then it'll fasten together your sheets of paper together.
If you haven't noticed, this store is called staples. It's called staples because of wire staples.
And what happens if you stapled two pieces of paper together? But you want to remove those staples.
You'll need a stapler mover. This is a stapler mover. And it's pretty simple. It'll just
remove the wire staples from your sheets of paper. Now what is this called? This is a whole punch
or you can just call it a whole puncher. And like it's named, it'll basically punch holes into
sheets of paper. For example, if you have a binder and your sheet of paper doesn't have holes,
how are you going to put this sheet of paper in your binder? Well, you will use a whole puncher
and it'll just create holes. So for example, this is a binder. And in order to fit sheets of paper
in this binder, you need a have three holes in each sheet of paper. You'll need this three whole
puncher. But you can also find different types of whole punches. For example, this is a one-hole punch.
But if you want to create holes and sheets of paper, I would rather use a three-hole puncher.
If you're looking for binders, well, here they are, you can find a bunch of binders in this
aisle. And the binders have different widths with. So the size of them may vary. For example,
over there, they have one-inch binders. And then over here, they have three to five inch binders.
This black binder is huge compared to this small white binder because this white binder is a one-inch
binder. And this is a five-inch binder. This binder can hold a lot of paperwork. So if you have a lot
of paperwork and you're working in an office, I would definitely recommend you to buy this five-inch
binder. Now, if you work in an office and you have a lot of paperwork, you will need this. What is this called?
This is a file folder and it has three different tabs. So these are the tabs.
And a file folder will make your life way easier and it will help you stay organized. So if you
want to separate different files into each tab, then you will be more organized and you'll know
which file is in which tab. If you have an office, you might have this huge white board
hanging on your wall. This is called a white board or a dry erase board. Right here,
it's hanging in an office. This dry erase board is where you can use markers. These are dry erase
markers where you can write on the dry erase board. You can draw a picture and you can take notes
or brainstorm ideas in your office and you can wipe away your drawings or your ideas
with an eraser. These are dry erase markers. And remember, you'll only use these dry erase
markers on a white board. And you'll use this eraser to erase your drawings or you're writing
on a white board. Another thing you may have in your office is paper clips. These are paper clips
and the whole pieces of paper together. Some other types of clips you can have in your office
are butterfly clips. Paper clips and you can also have pins. Now what is this called?
This is tape tape. And they have different kinds of tape. They have double-sided tape,
but this is just regular tape. If you work in an office and you have a bunch of devices or machines
for example, a printer, a copier, a computer, a laptop or a phone, then you'll need this. This is a
power strip and it has six outlets. So I can plug in each device into each outlet and then
turn it on with this red button and it'll power on all of my devices. Next, what happens if you don't
have any memory or space on your computer? Well then you'll need a flash drive. This is a flash drive
and it's basically like a memory card where you can store things on the flash drive and it'll
free up this space in your computer or you can use this flash drive and transfer all the documents
to another device like a camera or another computer. Now can you guys tell me what this is called?
This is a projector. Projector. It'll project images onto a screen and why would people use a
projector? Well if you have a meeting in your office and you want to present something then you can
use a projector to present your presentation or images you want to show in your meeting. Lastly,
if you're in an office and you need to write something down or draw something on a sheet of paper,
you might need these items. What are these called? This is a pencil pencil and this is a pencil
sharpener. Right now these pencils are not sharpened, so I'll need to use the pencil sharpener
to sharpen them and then I can write or draw on a sheet of paper. These are wooden pencils,
but these are mechanical pencils. So these kind of look like pens, but they are actually pencils.
These mechanical pencils come with lead so you can refill your lead in case you run out of any.
And then this package also has an eraser. In case if you make any mistakes, you can erase your
mistakes and something you absolutely need to have in your office is a pen. These are pens and
pens use ink. These pens are different compared to pencils because if you write or draw with a pen
you can't erase what you have drawn on a sheet of paper because pens use ink versus
pencils they use lead. Also if you sign something like a document, you will need to sign it with a pen
and not a pencil. These words may be tricky. This is a pen and this is a pencil,
pen and pencil, but if you make a mistake with a pen, don't worry because you can use this. This is a
whiteout marker and it'll just go on top of your mistake and cover it up. Okay everybody,
that's all for today's video and I hope you all enjoyed this video. Go ahead and give me a like
and please don't forget to subscribe because that will help me so much and it'll recommend
this video to even more people. I'll see you guys next week. Bye!