Hey everybody, it's Ariane Thelagringa and welcome back to my YouTube channel.
Can you guys guess where am I today?
Well, today I'm at the airport and I'm going to teach you guys airport vocabulary.
And how did I get to the airport?
Well, today I drove to the airport and I parked my car inside the parking garage.
If you don't want to park your car inside the parking garage because it can be expensive,
then you can get dropped off by an Uber, taxi or by your friend or family member.
And you get dropped off at the departures.
Right now, we're at the departures.
And today I'm at the airport because I have a flight to catch to go to Orlando, Florida.
This is one of the most requested videos on my channel.
I'm so excited to teach all of you guys airport vocabulary.
So let's go.
Now I'm walking through these sliding doors and I'm finally inside the airport.
Before coming to the airport, you need to book a flight ticket.
When you book a flight ticket, you reserve the seat.
For example, if you want to show up to the airport without booking a flight ticket,
the seats may be sold out and you may not have a seat on the plane.
So booking your flight ticket months or weeks in advance will allow you to have a seat on the flight.
I booked my flight one month ago and I can check in on the app or I can check in at the airport.
Before heading through security, going through the departure gates,
I need to check in my bag, my suitcase because it's too big to fit on the airplane.
If this suitcase was smaller, it would be a carry-on.
But I'm allowed to have one personal item.
This is a backpack.
And I'm allowed to have another carry-on suitcase.
But because this suitcase is too big, let's go ahead and check it in.
As I said before, I have to check in this huge suitcase at the counter
because this suitcase will not fit in the overhead bins inside the airplane.
So it will have to go underneath the airplane.
I also have to check in and get my boarding pass at the counter.
Now I will check in my bag.
But where do I go?
You have to check in your bag with your airline.
I'm going to check in my bag with my airline frontier.
But this airport has a ton of different options for airlines.
They have frontier, they have a legent, delta, American Airlines, self-west, and many more.
Let's go check in my bag and check in for my boarding pass with frontier.
Now I'm approaching the ticket counter to check in my bag.
It's time to check my bag.
For security reasons, I can't record people working inside the airport.
Thank you, I think.
Here's my ID.
You go ahead and put your bag on the desk down.
My bag is on the scale and it weighs 31.5 pounds.
If my bag would have weighed over 40 pounds, I would have had to pay a fee.
Any medium batteries?
These earrings, please mention it in the bag.
No.
There you go.
I just checked in my luggage and now I have to go through security to get to my gates.
But how do I get through security?
I need my ID and I also need my boarding pass which is on my phone.
For my ID, I will just use my driver's license because I am traveling domestically,
which means I am traveling within the United States.
But if I were to travel internationally, like going to Europe or going to Latin America,
I would need a passport, not an ID.
Now that I have both my boarding pass and my ID,
I am ready to pass the security and head to my gate.
Before going through security, I need to empty my water bottles and pour them in this
drain.
No liquids are allowed through security.
I just passed through security where they checked my ID and they also scanned my bag
through their extra machines.
And as you can see, the process was a little bit quick.
I felt kind of rushed so I came over here to this area.
And now I'm going to put my jacket back on because I had to take this off to get through
security and I'm going to put my shoes on because you're not allowed to walk through
security with your shoes.
Now that I've passed through security, I have to go find my gates and to get to my gates,
I have to go downstairs using these escalators.
And then I have to take another set of escalators to come along with me.
Now I have to check where my gates at, where is my gate?
So I can check to see my gate and see it on my boarding pass.
My gate is a 16.
Or I can go and look at these big screens that says departures and look for my destination.
So I'm going to Orlando and my airline is frontier.
And then I see that my gate is a 16.
It departs at 929 p.m.
And I can check if my flight is on time or delayed.
But right now it's on time.
Now that I know that my gate is a 16, there are two ways to get there.
So I can walk there using the moving walkways, like these people are doing right now.
Or the second way is using the train system to get there.
To use the train, I will go through the tunnel to get to all gates.
There's only two gates, gate A and gate B.
The next train is arriving and 30 seconds.
The train is now arriving and I'm ready to get on.
Do you think it's cool that there is a train that will lead me to my gates?
Let me know down below.
I just got off the train and now I'm at Gate A and I have to walk a little bit more to get to my gate.
I finally reached the A gates and now I have to go up the escalator one more time.
I'm finally at Gate A.
I still have to walk all the way to get to Gate A 16.
But all around me are different types of restaurants and fast food chains.
Like subway, you know, yellow and they have a P2 rear right here.
This honestly feels like a mall and I'm glad they have a lot of different restaurants
because people like to eat inside the airport before getting on their plane.
Not only do they have restaurants inside the gate area, they also have a mini market
or just a store and it's called Over the Rine because Cincinnati and the center of the city.
There's a part called Over the Rine and it's famous because it's right in the middle of the city.
Right now I'm inside this store and they have souvenirs from Cincinnati.
They have things like Skyland Chilly which is basically a famous franchise here
and they also have our famous sports teams like the Bengals football team,
the FC Cincinnati soccer team as well as the Reds baseball.
I'm still heading to my gate and there are two ways to get there so I can just go on
this moving walkway or I can just walk on the ground like these people are doing right behind me.
Let me know down below what you guys prefer.
Personally I'm pretty tired so I'm just going to go walk on the moving walkway.
Come along with me.
I finally made it to my gate a 16 and I'm one hour early.
My plane departs at 9.30 pm but that doesn't mean I can get here at 9.30 pm.
Normally boarding time is 30 minutes before you're departing time.
So a good recommendation.
Don't be late for boarding time.
Make sure to get here early.
Also I'm getting kind of hungry so I'm going to look for things to eat at this airport.
Normally if you buy food or ice cream at the airport,
it's a lot more expensive compared to the regular prices like in my city.
There are some restaurants in this gate area but they didn't really call my attention.
So I'm going to have ice cream for dinner.
Yes, ice cream for dinner.
I just got one scoop of cookies and cream ice cream at graders in a cost $6 in 10 cents.
Normally the price would be around $4 or $5 but of course here at the airport
it's a bit more expensive.
Right now I'm just going to take my time eat my ice cream and wait for my plane to arrive
and then I'm going to head to my gate once again and then board the airplane and show you guys
the airplane and what's inside.
This plane just landed 10 minutes ago before boarding the plane I have to wait for the passengers
to exit the airplane during this time their plane is refueling and the workers inspect inside
and outside the plane to make sure it's ready to take off again.
I just got my ice cream and I don't even have enough time to eat it because my plane is boarding
right now. So when you board a plane you board by group number you board by your group.
So my group number is group eight. So I'm the last group. I'll be last to board the plane.
But if you're in business class or first class you'll be the first group to board the plane.
And because I'm an economy that's why I'm the last one.
Come along with me. Let's go walk inside and board the plane.
Thanks. As I said before it's very important to board the plane early and get here early
because it's 903 and we're already boarding the plane.
A lock inside the airplane. That is a flight attendant. He is walking down the aisle
and is checking to see if the carry-on bags fit inside the overhead bins.
To fasten your seatbelt and insert the flat metal as it to the buckle to adjust the pull on
all these straps and to release it up on the top of the buckle.
Should there be a loss of cabin pressure, oxygen masks will drop in the overhead
compartments throughout the cabin and inside all lavatories. In the event of a weather evacuation
remove the light vessel and if you're seeing when it's ready to do so by a crew member
hold the red strap to open the container or move them out and move them to one side to remove the
vest. Place the vest over your head, wrap the strap around your waist and then insert the
end into the buckle. Then pull the strap to tighten it. The flight attendant gave us a safety demonstration
where she showed us how to buckle our seatbelts where an oxygen mask and
use a life vest. This aircraft safety card gives you more information on the location of exits
and emergency equipment on the airplane. Before landing I want to show you what the bathroom
looks like on the airplane. It's a bit small and cramped. The plane just landed and right now I'm
sitting in the middle seat. This is the window seat obviously because it's right next to the window.
And now I'm going to grab my carry-on bag and exit the plane. This is a row of seats and now I'm
going to take my bag from the overhead bin and exit the plane. I just arrived in Orlando.
Now I'm ready to go to the baggage claim and look for my check bag. Right behind me there's this huge
sign that says terminals and bag claim. So in case you get lost you can find out where to go.
So you can go to a terminal, a different gate, there's three different gates, A, B, and C.
And to get to a different terminal or to the bag claim we need to go on this train.
So come along with me. This airport I can't just walk to a terminal. I have to take a train.
Right now I'm inside the train. But in Cincinnati I can walk to a different terminal or to the
baggage claim. Right now I'm in the baggage claim and I'm waiting for my check bag to arrive.
And my first impression of Orlando Airport is that it's a lot bigger compared to this Cincinnati airport
because I had to walk a lot to get to the baggage claim. Now that I have my suitcase from the
baggage claim, I'm already finished. I'm at my final destination and I'm ready to get out of the airport.
Right now I'm outside the airport. This is the arrival section, the arrival area, where people
will wait for someone to pick them up. Well I don't have anyone to pick me up so I ordered an Uber
and now I will wait for the Uber to arrive. Thank you guys for coming along with me and traveling
with me. I had such a great time teaching all of you airport vocabulary. Let me know down below
what you guys learned today. Go ahead and like, subscribe and I'll see you guys for next week's video. Bye!