Hey guys, it's Adianita and welcome back to my YouTube channel.
Today, as you can see with the title of this video, I am going to be teaching all of you guys English at McDonald's.
As you can see, there is a sign behind me and another big sign telling you that we're at McDonald's.
I recently had a video on Instagram, go viral about me teaching all of you English at McDonald's.
And today's video, I wanted to give you a longer form of video on YouTube and teach you more English.
I'm McDonald's and how to order your food because honestly, I'm really hungry right now.
McDonald's is actually one of the most important and popular franchises in the United States.
And I think all over the world. As you can see, I'm outside and it's really windy.
So let's go ahead and walk inside and see how to order food at McDonald's.
Before I walk inside and order my food, I wanted to let you know that there are three different ways
to order fast food at McDonald's. The first one is going through the drive through,
which this car behind me is doing right now. And the second way is to walk inside and order food
at the counter and you can also order food through the McDonald's app. Now I'm going to walk
inside and check out the menu to see what we can order at McDonald's. I'm going to go ahead
and open up the store and walk into their little lobby right here. Open up another door.
As you just saw, when I was entering in McDonald's, the lady almost kicked me out,
but I showed her my Instagram and my YouTube channel and she let me carry on with my YouTube video.
So let's go ahead and go walk inside once again and learn some English.
After walking inside, as you can see behind me, there are two ways to order inside McDonald's.
The first way is to walk up to the registers where an employee working here can come and help you order.
Or the second one is one of my favorites. It's this computerized screen. It's a touch screen
and you can choose whatever you want on the menu. I'm really hungry, so let's see what I can order.
As you can see, there is a variety of items and food to order. My favorite part about the touch screen
is that you can see the burgers or the food you want to order. Although McDonald's has burgers
inside the store, you can also order things like fish fillets or different items. You can also order
things like chicken sandwiches or chicken nuggets. My favorite item to order. And I'm going to go
ahead and scroll up and see what else they have. This screen is nice because you can actually
visualize the items and if you're worried about ordering at the counter, you can have more time
to order your meal. This is a nice screen, but McDonald's also has another menu right over here
where you can order them food. But this screen obviously has more choices with more visuals.
Some items on the menu have the word Mick and front of them. For example, if I wanted to order
a chicken sandwich, that would be called a Mick crispy, or that would be called a Mick chicken.
You can also order something called a Big Mac. And this has two beef patties on it. It's
called a Big Mac for a reason. It's pretty big. Also, you can order stuff like smoothies or shakes
or even coffee. So some of the shakes would be a caramel frappe or McDonald's also has sweet treats.
So you can order a shake called a Mick flurry, an Oreo Mick flurry or an M&M Mick flurry.
This is just a shake with Oreos and M&Ms. Next, I'm going to tap the beverages menu.
And as you can see, you can order a lot of beverages or soft drinks. So let's go ahead and scroll
down. They have coke products, bright fanta. They have some iced root beer. And they also have
bottles of water and milk for the kids menu. So this is milk. And then this is going to be the
apple juice. After looking through the menu on the touchscreen, I am ready to order because I have
looked through all the categories. Now, I'm going to go ahead and make a line at the registers
to order my food there. And I'm going to teach all of you guys some phrases on how to order foods.
So come along with me. Right now, I'm pretty hungry and I'm looking for something to order.
So I'm looking to save some money and I'm going to go ahead and order a set. But what is a set?
So a set is a combo where you can order three different things. You can order a sandwich,
you can order a drink and fries. This is a combo because it has three different things in it.
Now that I'm ready to order a combo meal, I'm McDonald's. I am going to teach you some phrases to use
when you order. For example, if you want to sound formal, you would say, I would like to order
a big Mac or if you want to sound less formal, you can just say, I'd like to order a big Mac.
Now I'm going to order some food with the menu. Hi, good. I would like to have a big Mac.
Okay, would you like that in the meal? I would like a meal, yes. And would you like to drink with that?
Yes, may have some coke. Yes, and will that be for yours again?
For here. Okay, thank you. I just finished eating all of my lunch, so I'm going to throw my
trash away. I'm going to put this in the bag. But I'm a bit thirsty and as you can see, the ice is here
and there's no liquid in this cup. So I'm going to go ahead and fill it up. Also, this is a large cup.
Is this the same size cup in your country? Let me know because I know in America,
large sizes can be huge. So come along with me and let's go ahead and fill up this drink at the
refreshments. I am going to fill my large cup full of coke. Right here is the refreshment area.
And here at McDonald's, they have coke products. They have coke, diet coke,
sprite, fanta, root beer, high sea, what kind of drinks do you guys have in your country? Do you
guys have these flavors? Coke, zero sugar, doctor, pepper, I know some people don't like it,
but I love Dr. Pepper. Above the drinks, you have some straws. You have large lids for your large
drink. You also have small lids for your water cups. And over here you have some unspeakened tea.
Also next to the refreshments, you have your napkins. You can just pull your napkin. I'm only going to
take two. And you also have some creamer because McDonald's does so coffee. And they also have some
salt and pepper sugar for your coffee and some splendour. If you cannot eat straight sugar,
pure sugar. The nice thing about eating inside McDonald's is that if my cup is empty, I can get
free refills. As you can see, this sign says free refills for dying in customers only. I'm going
to put my cup underneath the coke. Fill my cup up with coke. As you can see, my coke has some
carbonation, so I'm going to go ahead empty some of it out. And then I'm going to grab my large lid,
put it on top and put my straw through the middle. There you go. Now I have my free refill of coke.
In your country, do you guys have free refills? Let me know. After finishing my meal, now I have some
taste for dessert. So I'm going to order myself a frappe, which is basically a coffee,
frappuccino, coffee and milk. So I'm going to go ahead and go over here and pick it up.
As you can see from the sign, you can order a lot of food and have a lot of deals. So I'm going to
order through the app and right here I'm going to order a Mac frappe. I'm going to order through
the McDonald's app and pick my Mac frappe up at the pickup center. This right here is where you
pick up your mobile orders or if you order something online for Uber Eats, you can also pick up your food
here. I just picked up my Mac frappe and now I'm going to show you guys how to order through the drive through.
Pepli is the best option for you to expand your abilities in English.
Okay guys, I just finished my meal and wow, I am so stuffed, I am so full of all the food that I ate inside the store,
but now I'm going to show you the third way to order food and that is through the drive through,
which I actually don't know what I'm going to order, but I'm going to order it. I'm going to order
but now I'm going to show you the third way to order food and that is through the drive through,
which I actually don't know what I'm going to order because I'm full. So maybe I'll order something
for my dad. As you can see, you order food through the drive through like this truck is doing right now.
And it's called drive through because you need a car and you drive through it in a lane.
And in some Latin American countries, drive through is called out the Mac. So if you're from
Latin America or different countries like in Europe, let me know what drive through is called in
your country. In other fast food restaurants, like the one next to me, our bees, it's the same thing.
It's called drive through. So if you're using your car to pick up some food, that's called the drive
through. I'm going to go inside my car in order to fast food. Let's go! I'm going to order some
food and the drive through. So I'm pulling the car forward and going to order at the speaker.
You can see a small menu right here that has bacon ranch, Macrispy, they have a juicy burger
and they have some deals. Hi, could I have a small ice cream please?
Nope, that's it. Thank you. As you can see, I used the phrase, could I have to order?
I ordered a small ice cream, which comes with a cone and ice cream on top. My favorite type of
dessert is ice cream and I love vanilla ice cream. Let me know what your favorite dessert is down
below. I'm about to pay for my meal, so I'm going to pay at the first window. I'm going to pay
with a credit card, but you can also pay with Apple Pay. Do you guys have Apple Pay in your
country? Let me know down below. I'm going to go ahead and pay at the first window for my ice cream
and thank you guys so much for supporting me because this is paying for my ice cream and don't
forget to like and subscribe down below. Thank you. Yeah! Thank you so much. How many days?
As you can see, I just paid through the first window for my ice cream, but I didn't get my ice cream
just yet because I have to go to the second window and pick it up. They're going to slide this window
thank you so much. I have my ice cream cone with the vanilla swirl on top and I'm going to go
ahead and park here and eat inside my car. So a lot of Americans actually do this. They will park
outside the restaurants and they will eat inside of their car. I'm going to go ahead and
lick this ice cream because if not, it will melt down onto the cone. Okay guys that's it for today's
YouTube video at McDonald's. I hope you have enjoyed all of the English that I talked to
today. I have my ice cream right here. I'm going to keep on eating it, but let me know down below
what else you would like me to teach you. Do you want me to go to a different franchise, a different
store, do you want me to order some more food at different places? Let me know down below
because I would love to hear your review about this video and make more content for the next video.
And don't forget to like and subscribe. Bye!