Hey everybody, it's Adinita LaGhinga, and welcome back to my YouTube channel.
In today's video, I will ask people around Cincinnati, Ohio, what they do for
a living, and how much they make each year.
Let's go.
Hi, what's your name?
My name is Austin.
Hi, Austin.
What do you do for a living?
I work downtown at the Vision's Maintenance Group, and I manage a book of business for various
different clients, and I help them with their facility maintenance.
And Americans ask, what do you do for a living?
They want to find out your job and what you do for work.
What's your favorite part about your job?
My favorite part is just seeing my clients reaction when I solve a problem for them.
And then what kind of projects do you work on?
Well, right now, I won't say the name, but I work for a donut company, and I help them out
with making sure they're donut lines running.
How many hours do you work each week?
I'm pushing like 70 hours per week right now, and I'm just a lot after hours.
Sounds like you work a lot, and then how much do you earn each year?
Right now, I'm tracking towards 115.
Hi, what's your name?
Mitch Kaiser.
Hi, Mitch.
What do you do for a living?
I work for Pro football focus.
I'm a college football analyst for PFF here in Cincinnati.
What's your favorite part about your job?
Getting to watch every college football game, and then write about it later on.
I write articles covering college football.
And what's your favorite article you've written?
I wrote an article last fall about why Michael Panics should have won the husband.
I was pretty happy about it, and then he played really well, so that's probably my favorite
article.
How much do you earn each week?
40.
Sometimes more in the season.
Some are times you get probably less than 40 because it's off season, and then when
fall rolls around, probably like 60 hours some weeks.
In the U.S., a standard work week is 40 hours, usually 8 hours a day, 5 days a week.
If you work more than 40 hours, that's over time, and you get paid extra.
For example, if you make $10 an hour, over time is time and a half, so for every hour
worked over 40, you'd make $15.
How much do you earn each year?
Not enough.
Not enough.
Not enough.
I'm going to say that.
What's the minimum you could earn if you just started out?
Probably 30k would be the minimum, like the lowest.
I make a little more than that, but not great, you know.
Hi, what's your name?
Hi, my name's Katie.
Hi, Katie.
What do you do for a living?
I'm a server, and what's your favorite part about your job?
I meet so many cool people, especially being downtown, I feel like it's such a wide variety
of people that I get.
And it's just really cool to meet so many different kinds of people.
What do you do every day for your job?
I go around, I get tables, and I basically just take their food and drink order, chat it
up with them, and have a good time, do anything they need to build up their waters, even
happy.
And then what's your least favorite part about your job?
Sometimes it gets really overwhelming.
I love to multitask with sometimes it's like, I'm not in octopus.
It's hard to do 20 million things at once, but that's not always all the time, that's
really busy days.
It's really overwhelming for sure.
How many hours each week do you work?
Right now I'm doing about 40 during the school year, I do like 25, 30, so a few days
a week.
I see how you're student as well.
Yeah, what do you study?
I'm a speech pathology.
I just graduated.
Yeah.
And then how much do you earn each year?
Each year.
I think if I was working full time, it would be a lot more, but I think this year was like
25,000, 22, 25,000, and that's with full time in the summer.
And then part time during the school year.
If you work full time, that means you work around 30 to 40 hours a week.
And you often get benefits like health insurance and paid time off.
Katie works part time, so she works fewer hours, usually 20 hours or less a week.
Hi, what's your name?
Hi, my name is Cameron.
Hi, Cameron.
What do you do for a living?
Currently, I work here at Starbucks at 580.
What do you do for your job?
I'm a brisa.
I make coffees, do food here, drink out customers, and make sure everybody's met with what
they need.
What's your favorite part about your job?
Connecting with the customers for sure.
Get no people as they come in and just be able to make those connections with everybody.
And then what's the least favorite part about your job?
I'm going to hit it with a little comedic joke.
I would say dishes.
That's just a good one.
How many hours do you work each week?
I work about 30 to 35 hours a week.
How much do you earn?
Right now, I'm currently making 16, 75 an hour.
How much do you earn is just a way of asking someone how much money they make?
Also, Cameron gets paid by the hour.
So he earns more if he works more hours.
Another way to get paid is with a salary where you get paid the same amount every pay
period, no matter how many hours you work.
Hi, what's your name?
Orlando, Smith.
Hi, Orlando.
What do you do for a living?
It's just now you long for Smith.
And then what's your favorite part about your job?
The favorite part, lunch time.
It's time is good.
Because we do so much, you never know when you're going to get a lunch break.
Exactly.
So you could be on a run for several hours and you're standing there thinking, cheeseburgers
are going to be great when it's time to eat.
What's your least favorite part about your job?
Oh, man.
I think seeing so many victims, I think we see so many victims of crimes is kind of what you
in a, not like the space in your hand.
And then how many hours do you work each week to now a day?
We do 10 hour shifts.
A shift is a set period of time that you work at your job.
For example, if you work day shift, you might work from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m.
And if you work night shift, you might work from 11 p.m. to 7 a.m.
We work four on for all for three weeks and we work five on three off for three weeks.
If you don't mind me asking how much do you earn every year?
Look around the low six figures.
Six figures mean someone makes more than $100,000 a year.
It's a way of saying they make a lot of money.
And then if someone was just starting out how much would they make as a police officer?
I think top hours may be $80,000 with a city system.
Well, thank you so much, Orlando.
Nice to meet you.
Thank you.
Hi, what's your name?
I'm Jacob.
Hi, Jacob. What do you do for a living?
I am a bartender and I work private dining events.
What's your favorite part about your job?
My favorite part about my job is the flexible scheduling that it comes with.
How many hours do you work each week?
Anywhere between 25 and 35?
What is the least favorite part about your job?
Late nights and the occasional root customer.
How much do you earn each year?
On paper around 65k.
Hi, what's your name?
Hi, my name's Emilio.
What do you do for a living?
Currently, I'm just employed at Planet Fitness as a front desk employee.
The things that I love about working at Planet Fitness is that it gives me a free membership.
I've always wanted to be more into the active life side of things like that.
How many hours do you work each week?
I think the typical work week about 40 hours, I think.
How much do you earn each year?
I actually don't know, because I just started this job about like three months, six
to go three to four months ago.
So I haven't done the calculations, but it is about minimum wage.
Minimum wage is the lowest amount of money, and employer is legally allowed to pay their
workers per hour.
How much is minimum wage right now?
It's about like tens of an hour.
Hi, what's your name?
Brandy.
Hi, Brandy.
What do you do for a living?
I'm a venue manager and event planner.
What's your favorite part about your job?
There are a lot, but getting able to plan people special day.
They're wedding, they're events, birthday parties.
That's probably my favorite thing.
What's your favorite thing to plan?
I was saying weddings.
And then what's your least favorite part about your job?
I'm on call all the time.
So I never have a day off, really.
I'm always answering emails, phone calls, text messages,
dealing with brides.
A day off is a day when you do not have to work.
It's a day you can spend doing whatever you want.
How much do you make each year?
It fluctuates because I have a base salary and commission, but I live comfortably.
If someone was just starting out with event planning, how much would they normally make?
Probably 50,000?
Yeah, yeah.
Hi, what's your name?
I'm Eva.
Hi, Eva.
What do you do for a living?
So I just am about to move to Guatemala in June.
And I'm going to be working for a medical clinic through the University of Cincinnati.
What will be your favorite part about the job?
I'm really excited to get to work with under-proved communities and a medical setting.
When I hope to go to medical school, that's amazing.
And do you speak Spanish?
Yes, I do.
And then how many hours will you work each week in Guatemala?
It depends.
So when the doctors and med students are going down there,
it'll be more of a full-time job working in the clinic.
How much will you earn each week?
It's pretty much a volunteer job.
I make very little money.
Oh, pretty much volunteer, but I have some good stipends for food.
And I'll stay with the host's family.
Eva is going to get a stipend.
A stipend is like a little bit of extra money.
It will help cover costs if you're studying or working on a project.
A stipend might cover basic needs, like rent, food, and utilities.
That's amazing.
Thank you so much.
Hi, what's your name?
Allison.
What do you do for a living?
I am currently an intern at the catalytic fund in Northern Kentucky.
What kind of work do you do?
So we're a not for profit real estate investment firm.
So we basically help with like three development for things.
So that people who might not have the money to do so can build pretty buildings.
What's your favorite part about the job?
I enjoy feeling like I'm making a difference and like working with like saving
historical buildings.
What's the least favorite part about your job?
My office doesn't have a window.
So I wish my office had a window that I could look out of.
How many hours do you work each week?
Between 35 and 40.
How much do you earn each year?
Currently I wake 17 an hour because it's just a summer internship while I'm in graduate school.
Okay.
And internship is like a temporary job where you learn about a certain field or industry.
Think of it as a chance to try out a career before you commit to it.
Hi, what's your name?
You're a nickel.
What do you do for a living?
I'm an urban designer and city planner.
What do you like most about your job?
I love being able to work with people to change and improve their neighborhoods, their cities,
their towns, and I like drawing.
How many hours do you work each week?
Try to keep it under 45.
How much do you earn every year?
I can answer that.
Hi, what's your name?
Hi, I'm Alex.
What do you do for a living?
So I'm a ship supervisor at Starbucks.
What do you do for your job?
So my job is running anything on the floor.
I'm just making sure everyone's making drinks.
I'm just making sure everything runs smoothly.
And make sure the day-to-day stuff works well.
What do you like about your job?
I love being able to see different people.
What's the least favorite part about your job?
I would say dealing with the downside of dealing with so many people.
You get like random people that think they can do whatever.
How many hours do you work each week?
So I work around 40 hours each week.
How much do you earn each week or each year?
Each year is probably around 60 to 70 miles a day.
Hi, what's your name?
I'm a name's Kyle.
What do you do for a living?
I just started a new job in sales and Tampa.
So I started about two weeks.
And what kind of job do you have?
So I work in the elevator industry.
So I'm working as a sales trader.
What's your favorite part about your job?
I just like the environment, the job flexibility.
How many hours will you work each week?
So I typically work full times.
I'll be at the office five days a week eight hours a day.
How much will you earn?
So I'll be around 95.
My first year hopefully.
It's commission based.
I'll give you above that below that.
A commission based job means your pay is directly tied to how much you sell or how
will you perform?
The more you sell, the more you earn.
Hi, what's your name?
My name is Calvin Johnson.
What do you do for a living?
Well, I'm a retired Cincinnati police sergeant, but now I'm a supervisor for Cincinnati
Metro Transit.
Calvin retired from his job so he's not working full time anymore.
Most people retire around 65, but people can retire earlier or later for different reasons.
What do you normally do for work?
Like what is your day-to-day look like?
Supervise the coaches that drive around the city, make sure they're safe,
eating in their own time.
Make sure we have a closet of experience riding the Metro.
What's your favorite part about your job?
The people interacting with people and being able to assist them to get to AMB.
And least favorite part about your job?
Probably the hours right now.
I work eight at night to four in the morning.
How many hours do you work each week in total?
40 hours a week.
How much do you earn each year?
Crossing about 80,000.
Hi, what's your name?
My name is Evan Hunter.
What do you do for a living?
I'm a data scientist at Fifth Third Bank.
What's your favorite part about your job?
I honestly really want my co-workers.
We have a lot of great people I work with.
What kind of projects do you work on?
I'm primarily working on our digital messaging chatbot, Jeannie right now,
and so working a lot with our operations partners, working a lot with our developers,
who work on the chatbot, figuring out what the chatbot's going to say and various circumstances.
How many hours do you work each week?
40, 50, somewhere in there are not too many.
I don't work as much as many people to it.
Okay, everybody, I hope you guys enjoyed this video,
and I hope this video gives you a glimpse of what people do for a living,
and how much they earn each year.
Go ahead and give me a like, subscribe, and I'll see you guys next week.
Bye!