Hey everybody, it's Adianita LaGhinga, and welcome back to my YouTube channel.
In today's video, I will be going on a road trip, yes, a road trip.
A road trip is a long journey taken by a car or bus, but today I'm going to take
a road trip with my car, and it wouldn't be a fun road trip without my friends.
This is Matt Dale and Lisaana, and they're going to join me to go on a road trip to Chicago.
Lisaana, is this your first time going to Chicago?
My first time, and I'm really excited, and then what are we going to do there?
We're going to see the main attractions of the city, and maybe see some basketball.
Right now, we're in Cincinnati, and it's really cold, and it takes four and a half hours
to drive to Chicago.
Matt Dale, do you think that's the long drive, four and a half hours from here to Chicago?
That's a really long drive.
I think I'm going to take a great nap, a nap.
Okay, Matt Dale, at least on that, let's hit the road and get inside the car.
Woo!
Nice and good.
Okay, guys, right now, we're inside the car, so go ahead and buckle up and let's
put our seatbelt on, and how do I know where to go?
How do I know to get to my destination Chicago?
So you first go to your GPS, and then you type in the city, Chicago, and then once I
type in my city, Chicago, I hit go, and I'm ready to travel to Chicago.
Right now, it's 122 PM, and it takes four hours and 39 minutes to travel to Chicago.
It takes 282 miles, so we'll be arriving around 5 PM, 5 o'clock.
On this road trip, we are going to see a lot of road signs on our way to Chicago.
I'm going to explain each sign I see on the road and on the highway.
For example, this sign says, do not litter.
This basically means don't throw garbage or trash on the road, or you might be fined $1,000.
The next sign is across road warning sign.
It warns the driver that another road cross is the main highway ahead.
That means you need to look left and right for traffic.
Now I'm getting off the road, and I will enter the highway on to Interstate 74 West,
toward Indianapolis.
In the United States, it's pretty common to see giant blue signs that will tell you what
food is nearby.
Let me know down below if you have this sign in your city.
I'm going to take my first exit by getting off the highway via the exit ramp.
This is the exit ramp, and the yellow sign lets me know I need to lower my speed to
25 miles per hour.
In America we use miles per hour, we do not use kilometers per hour.
Okay guys, I just got off the highway and I'm at my first stop.
So the nice thing about a GPS is you can actually add stops, and then this will add the
time to your GPS to destination.
I'm at my first stop, Starbucks.
I'm going to drink a cup of coffee, I'm going to order one inside, I'm going to stretch
my legs because we still have a long way to go.
I just got my venti, white chocolate mocha from Starbucks.
Also, if you guys don't know what venti means, go ahead and check out my new YouTube video
teaching English at Starbucks because you guys would know that venti is a large.
Go ahead and check it out.
Before hitting the road again and going towards Chicago, I want to ask my friends a few
questions.
What do you guys think about the trip so far, the road trip?
What do you think about the highway?
Is it bumpy?
Is it smooth?
I think the highway in the United States is silky smoothly.
At least on us, since I'm driving, I'm in the front seat.
Do you think I'm a good driver?
I think you're excellent and I feel very safe.
Great.
And then what do you think about the United States so far?
Your road trip right now.
I think it's really great.
It's good long roads and it's not bumpy.
Now let's hop in the car and continue our road trip.
Now I'm entering a work zone and I need to reduce my speed to 40 miles per hour.
Flashback.
Matteo, do you think that's the long drive for the half hours from here to Chicago?
That's a really long drive.
I think I'm going to take a great nap when I will be there.
These cars got pulled over by the police.
Usually when this happens on the highway, it creates a lot of traffic.
Have you ever got stuck in traffic?
The yellow line on my GPS, let's me know there's oncoming traffic.
Before getting to Chicago, I want to ask you guys, are you on a bumpy road with your English
journey?
Well, if you're off the beaten track, I want to tell you about today's sponsor, Pepli.
With Pepli, you have access to over 32,000 expert tutors to help you speak a new language.
Pepli has thousands of tutors that are native in Spanish, English, French, German,
Russian, Chinese, Portuguese and over 50 more languages.
My favorite part about the platform is you can choose a native teacher from any part of
the world.
Pepli teaches you to speak a language naturally.
You can choose a teacher that fits your budget and your schedule.
If you want to steer your way and learn English or new language, go ahead and use my
code Adia Nita 50 for a 50% discount on your first child.
You can access Pepli on the web or through Pepli's mobile app.
Thanks to Pepli for sponsoring this portion of this video.
Let's get back to the video.
I just made it to my second stop and right now I'm at the gas station.
I'm going to fill up my car with gas.
Also, a gas station is really nice because I can get out of the car, stretch my legs,
and use the restroom.
When you drive your car or if you're on a road trip like I am right now,
you have to be aware of your surroundings when you're driving.
For example, you have to watch for the different cars around you.
You have to watch for construction.
You have to lower your speed limit if you're driving through a construction zone.
And you have to watch the speed limit.
Some highways have a higher speed limit than others.
And make sure to follow your GPS and watch it so you don't miss your exit.
Now it's time to pump some gas.
I'm going to pump my gas tank and fill it up.
But if you guys want a full video about gas station vocabulary, let me know down below.
Lissana, I have a question for you.
What do you think about the gas prices in the United States?
Do you think they're expensive or cheap?
It's way more cheaper than in my country, Estonia because it doesn't produce gas.
How much does it normally cost to fill up your gas tank in Estonia?
A car like this would cost $90.
Wow, that's expensive.
Normally it would cost around $40 to fill up your gas tank.
And Mateo, what do you do if you're going over the speed limit
and a police officer pulls you over?
Well, here in the United States, I will keep my hands on the wheel
and I will just wait till the officer comes to talk to me.
Exactly.
You'll move to the side of the road.
You'll put your hazard lights on and then yeah, you want to put your hands on the steering wheel.
Make sure the police officer can see your hands and then roll down your window
and then the police officer will talk with you.
And then once the police officer comes and talks with you, you have to show him your driver's license, your ID,
as well as your insurance card.
Right now, we haven't seen any tolls, so a toll is basically where you have to pay to drive on a road or a bridge.
But I think in Chicago, there are some tolls, so we'll see that a little bit later.
But Lissana, are there tolls in Estonia or your front?
Everything's free.
It's really windy right now and it's cold.
So let's hit the road once again because we still have one hour and a half to drive.
You can pay the toll with cash, a credit card, or you can purchase a monthly easy pass.
So you can pass through the tolls to save you time and money.
Now I have to pay another toll.
It costs $6.60 in 60 cents.
No thanks.
Okay guys, we finally made it to downtown Chicago.
We are at our final destination and we didn't get pulled over by the police, which is good.
We went to two different tolls and paid $6.60 for each toll and we didn't go over the speed limit.
I have a question for you, too.
What are your first impressions of this city, Chicago?
Now I feel like in USA for the first time.
I love it.
The city is buzzing and it's super nice.
It's called the windy city for a reason, but I don't feel a lot of wind.
That's not too cold, right?
We don't feel any wind right now, which is amazing.
And we need to celebrate.
Don't forget to subscribe to my YouTube channel, but also their YouTube channel.
Their YouTube channel is called Macbale, Elisana, and their travel vloggers where they go to different countries
and explore the cities in each country.
As I said before, Macbale and Elisana are travel vloggers and they are going to upload their video in Chicago soon.
But before uploading it, what are you guys going to show around Chicago?
What are you guys going to do here?
We are going to show a bit of every scene.
We like to get in touch with the real culture and interact with people also with locals.
And hopefully see some basketballs, some Chicago Bulls.
Oh yeah.
And if you guys want to learn some English book out in this city, go ahead and comment down below.
I'll see you guys next week.
Bye!