Hey everybody, welcome back to my YouTube channel and today's video we are going to take a trip to the hardware store to measure your level of English.
You've probably seen these tools in your home, but do you know how to describe them in English? Let's find out.
Can you tell me what this tool is called?
This is a hammer.
Hammer. It looks like a long stick and at the end of the stick there is a heavy head and you hold the handle and then you hit the heavy head with a nail.
The head is the part of the tool that hits or pounds and we use hammers to drive nails into wood or you can also use hammers to break things.
But be careful, you don't want to hit your nails or your fingers when you drive the nail into wood.
Now a tool that is similar to a hammer but it has a bigger and softer head is a mallet.
This is a mallet and it's often made of rubber and wood and it's used to hit things gently so you can hit things like furniture and wood.
This is perfect for pounding things without making too much noise or damage. Now what is this?
This is an axe. It's a tool with the head. This head has a sharp heavy blade and it's attached to a handle.
When you use an axe, you swing the blade down onto the wood with a chopping motion.
The handle is the part of the tool that you hold. The blade blade is the part of the tool that cuts. This is another type of axe but it's called a pick axe.
It's different compared to a regular axe because it has two sides. This is the pointy side and this is the side where the blade is.
The sharp end and pointy side is for breaking rocks and the other end has a flat and wedge shaped blade for chipping away smaller pieces.
Now can you tell me what this tool is called?
This is a screwdriver. Screwdriver. It's a handy tool that is used to twist and turn screws.
There are lots of different types of screwdrivers but they all have a handle and a tip. This one is a Phillips screwdriver.
See how the screwhead is crushed shaped like a plus sign? Phillips screwdrivers are great for assembling furniture.
Now check out this screwdriver. This is a flat head. You can see the screwhead is single slotted and it's not a cross like the Phillips screw driver.
Now what is this? This is a drill drill and it can make holes in all sorts of things like wood.
Wood plastic or any kind of material. See this spinning bit? It's what makes holes. These are holes and we make holes with a spinning bit to open up more spaces or to place screws inside the holes.
This drill has a few parts that you might want to know about. This is the trigger trigger so you can start the drill or stop it. This is the battery. This is the handle so I can grip it tight and look. This switch is forward and reverse.
So if I want to drill a hole, I can press it like that but if I want to take out a screw from the wall, I can switch to reverse and reverse it. What is this tool called?
This is a saw saw. You can't see it since we're inside the store and it has a cardboard covering over it, but a saw is used for cutting wood. Look at all of the different types of wood. This saw can cut through.
If you want to cut through plastic or metal, a hack saw is great for that. This is a hack saw. What is this tool called?
This is a wrench. It has a long handle and a shaped head that fits onto a nut or a bolt. There are a bunch of different types of wrenches, but this wrench is an adjustable wrench because you can adjust the head to the size of the bolt or the nut.
Right now I am holding a wrench and if you want to tighten a bolt or not, you can do that or you can also loosen a nut or a bolt. This is an open and did wrench. It only fits a specific size. This is a ratchet ratchet.
So you can fasten things continuously in one direction and it prevents you from fastening things in the opposite direction. Now what is this tool called that you use in your bathroom.
This is a plunger or toilet plunger and it has a rubber cup at the end of the handle and you would use a plunger to unclog your toilet because it creates a suction to unclog everything in there.
Now I'm curious how many of you have had to use a plunger. Let me know down below.
Oh, it's hard to grab that strainer. What can I use to grab it? Oh, I can use a ladder. This is a ladder.
It's like a set of steps you can climb up it or climb down it and you use ladders to grab things that are hard to reach.
Look, I grabbed the strainer. Don't get confused between a ladder, a step ladder, stairs or an escalator because all of those are different. This is a
leveler leveler. As you can see, it looks like a long ruler and there are bubbles all throughout this leveler.
And you use a leveler to see if things are even in straight. This ladder is even in straight.
If the bubble is in the middle, it means the surface is level. If the bubble is off to one side, then the surface is tilted. This is a tape measure.
It's used to measure length. And when you pull out the tape measure, this is called the tape. This is used to measure long distances like a block of wood because a ruler wouldn't be able to measure this type of wood. This is seven feet and ten inches.
Now, before finishing this video, let's do a bonus round. What is this? This is a bucket bucket. This is a pair of gloves gloves. What is this? This is a power strip. Power strip. This is a cone.
Or a safety cone. This is rope. rope. This is a hard hat. Hard hat. What is this? This is tape.
This is a nail nail. This is a screw. This is a nut nut. This is a bolt bolt.
Okay, everybody, that's all for today's video. How many did you get right? If you liked this video, go ahead and give me a like, subscribe, and I'll see you guys next week. Bye!