Hey everybody, welcome back to my YouTube channel. My name is Aria Nithela Gnenga and today I'm here at the dentist and I'm going to get my teeth cleaned.
In this video I will show you the process of how to book an appointment, how to get your teeth cleaned and I will also talk with the dentist.
Let's start the video.
But to go to the dentist, you have to make an appointment. I already made an appointment and I have to check in over there at the front desk so they know how to arrive.
Hi, good morning.
Good morning, how are you?
Good, how are you? I'm here from my appointment.
Okay, and what time was your appointment?
9 o'clock.
And what's your last name?
Judd Coviets.
And there's an area on it.
Yes.
A paper work for you to fill out more need because just take a few minutes to fill that out and then they'll call you back to you.
Thank you so much.
I just checked in for my appointment and now I have to fill out some paperwork.
On this forum, it asks me, my medical history, like if I've been sick within the past two weeks,
whether I have any allergies or any of my past medical history.
And now I'm ready for my appointment.
So I have to return this paperwork to the front desk.
Hi, I just finished filling out my paperwork.
Great.
Thank you so much.
Go ahead and have a seat and Carolina will call you back soon.
Okay.
Thank you.
Good luck.
Right now, I'm in the waiting area.
And before the hygienist calls my name and gets me,
do you know some dental vocabulary?
What's this?
This is a tooth.
tooth.
And if it's plural, what do you call it?
These are teeth.
teeth.
And what's this?
That's my tongue.
tongue.
What are these?
These are gums.
Gums.
If I want to get straight teeth, what can I put in my mouth?
You can get braces.
Braces.
Are you ready?
Yeah.
Let's go.
Let's go to room number four.
Okay.
Carolina is a dental hygienist and she helps out the dentist by cleaning my teeth.
She will clean my teeth today.
And we are in a small room.
And this is where we will get my teeth cleaned.
Are there any changes in your medical history at all?
Or do you have any pain or sensitivity today?
I don't have any changes in my medical history.
But I do have some sensitivity in my bottom too.
Before getting my teeth cleaned, I will get an x-ray of my teeth.
This is basically just a picture of my teeth.
Come with me to take your x-rays.
Okay.
Right now, I'm in the x-ray room where Carolina will take a picture of my teeth.
So why do they take x-rays of teeth?
Well, they take x-rays to see if you have any cavities.
Or any holes in your teeth.
Or if you also have an infection.
This is the best for protection.
And then you can turn around.
I'm going to put up.
And then you're going to bite over here.
And then this is going to spin around.
Okay.
Here are some glasses for you.
And then a best.
So I'm going to take some measurements for your gums to see how they are doing.
Okay.
Okay.
Open.
What are you putting in my mouth?
And what do you use those things for?
This is a mirror.
Well, I can look in your mouth.
And this is a proof.
And we are going to measure the gums with this.
The normally used electric of the brush are a minuel.
A manual.
And how often they floss?
I usually floss after I eat.
So in the morning, afternoon, and in the evening.
We're going to start the clean now.
I'm going to use cavity-tron and suction.
What's a suction?
So the suction is like a little vacuum that is going to suction your saliva
on all the water that is coming out from here.
I'm going to start the polishing part.
I have a fluffy paste and a polisher.
Now the dental hygienist will floss in between my teeth with dental floss.
We are going to do it right.
What flavors do you want?
I have mined, bubble, and caramel.
Can I get mint, please?
Sure.
So there are some restriction for fluoride,
and drink water right after.
You have to weigh 30 minutes to eat something.
Then emboil coffee, tea, and alcohol for today.
The hygienist just finished cleaning my teeth.
And now she will go get the dentist who will just do a physical exam.
By the way, Catalina is from Ecuador and she speaks Spanish.
So if you feel more comfortable speaking Spanish,
come over here to pierced dental group and get your teeth cleaned by her
or one of their many dental hygienists that speaks Spanish here.
Hi.
Can you tell me a little bit about this machine?
Yeah.
This is a 3D scanner.
So we don't do impressions anymore.
That's all technology.
We use this primarily for diagnostics.
If you want to do something like bleach trays or retainers,
we can make out of this.
But this is a permanent model and it will be stored in the cloud for you.
All right.
So this is just showing your teeth and we can show the upper teeth by themselves.
And we can also show how heavy you're hitting on your teeth.
So the red is bad, green is good.
Let me call the front teeth, the anterior teeth,
and the back teeth are posterior teeth.
A little dental terminology for it.
And this is called an occlusion.
Right now, here with the dentist,
are you going to check my teeth?
Today we're going to do a checkup and an examination
and cleaning today.
We're going to look for cavities, gum disease.
Talk about things like whitening our teeth.
If you have any problems, we can address any problems like that.
So we're checking for signs of cavities or gum inflammation.
We're looking at your gum tissues to check and make sure there's no soft tissue cancers.
We do a cancer screening.
So we're having a thorough check just to make sure we have optimum health.
All right.
And could you raise your tongue in the roof of the mouth?
Good.
And bite again.
Great.
So overall, our teeth are very healthy.
We have a couple cavities on the upper left.
We have a small chip in the front tooth, which we can discuss.
Also, if you're interested in ways to help brighten your color of your teeth,
we can talk about that today.
There's lots of different ways to whiten your teeth.
And have a great smile that you're really proud of.
But overall, you're very healthy.
It looks like you've had braces in the past.
The alignment of your teeth is very good.
And that's great for longevity.
How can you tell if I have a cavity?
Sometimes a cavity will appear to be a different color.
Like a gray or a brown darker color in the mouth.
But sometimes you can't see them.
That's why we take x-rays.
So x-rays are necessary to make sure that we don't look over any potential problems
that we can't see with our own eyes.
But also, our patient can tell us.
Sometimes a patient may say they have temperature sensitivity,
pot and cold sensitivity, chewing sensitivity.
And sometimes a tooth just kind of aches and throbs.
And that might be something different.
So there's different types of pain.
Or sensitivities that can tell us a little bit more.
And you also said, I have a chip of my tooth.
I've noticed it too.
How can I get that fixed?
There's options for fixing chipped fruity.
The most conservative option there is a product called bonding.
And bonding is think of it like something that it hears to the tooth.
That's the shade of your natural tooth.
And so that's why we might want to whiten our teeth first.
So we can up the color a little bit and then match an improved color
if that's something you're interested in.
And why do patients normally come here to the dentist?
What is the most typical issue they have?
And why do they come here?
What we have found is patients who come to the dentist on a routine basis
every six months.
Over the lifetime have fewer problems with their teeth.
The most common thing that we see are normal six months type of
check-ups for cleanings and x-rays.
But another common type of appointment is an emergency appointment
when a tooth is broken or tooth has discomfort
or there might be swelling.
Something like wisdom teeth coming in.
So there's a lot of things that can happen that might signal
that you might need to see the dentist.
But the best bet is to go on the routine basis.
So that you can avoid those type of problems.
What do you normally specialize in besides check-ups?
But a general dentist, which is what we do.
To clear like cleaning, fillings, root canal, crowns.
But in our office we have lots of different doctors
and we have specialists in our office too.
So we do things like in visaline, cosmetic dentistry, dental implants,
wisdom teeth.
People also can come in here and have our little surgeon
and go to sleep.
And get their wisdom teeth taken out while they're taking a
little nap.
We do a little bit of everything here.
And why are people scared to go to the dentist?
I think the most common things that make going to the dentist
fearful is it could be expensive.
Especially if we don't do the preventive type of care.
Dental pain is very intense or it can be.
But we have things that can help with that, like numbing agents
that help dead in the teeth while we can work on them.
And also certain medications can help too.
So our patients have a really good experience when they come
into our office.
So we make sure that there are answers for keeping them out of pain
and also for financial arrangements to help them
afford treatment better.
Thank you so much Dr. Pierce for having this interview with me
and teaching me a little bit about cavities and everything.
And if you want to get your teeth cleaned, come here
to pierced dental group to get your teeth cleaned.
Thank you so much.
Hi, what's your name?
And can you tell me what you're holding in your hand?
Hi, I'm Dr. Tara and I'm holding what's called a type it on
and I use it to educate patients so that they know what I'm talking about
when I'm talking dentistry.
And can you tell me like the names of different teeth?
Sure.
So we have the back teeth which are called molars,
the teeth between the front teeth and the back teeth
which are called pre-molars.
We have canines and then we have central incisers
and laterals just on the outside.
So right now you're holding a toothbrush in your hand.
Can you tell me the best way to brush your teeth?
Some of the best ways is to take the brush
and go along the gum line at a 45 degree angle.
You want to be able to massage the teeth and your gums at the same time.
I personally like an electric toothbrush better than a manual toothbrush
because it takes the guesswork out of how to brush.
But if you want to use a manual toothbrush,
you go along the gum lines.
You want to be brushing for at least about two minutes
and what that allows you to do is to get all the areas of the mouth
and be really comfortable and get a really good clean.
And then should I brush floss and then mouthwash?
Or what's the everyone always asks this question?
The goal is for you to brush and floss,
which order you do it in doesn't really matter.
Studies show that you get the exact same result.
I personally floss first and then I brush,
but I know plenty of people who do the opposite
and they agree oral hygiene.
mouthwash is optional.
You definitely can optimize and use mouthwash
if you want to, but you don't have to.
Thank you so much.
You're welcome.
Hi, I just got my teeth cleaned.
Hi, awesome.
I can get to your schedule back for your treatment
at Dr. Pierce and I can also collect your payment
for today's visit.
Would you like to pay with insurance or credit card?
With insurance, I have my insurance card right here.
Perfect. Thank you.
I'm going to enter that in the system.
Okay, everybody.
That's all for today's video.
It's very important to go to the dentist
because today it turned out I have three cavities
and I have to come back to the dentist in two weeks.
I hope you guys enjoyed the video.
Go ahead and give me a like, subscribe,
and I'll see you guys next week.
Bye!