Hey guys, it's Adianita Lagrangna and welcome back to my YouTube channel.
In today's video, I would teach all of you arcade game vocabulary.
And right now, I'm outside of Davenbusters, which is basically an entertainment venue
where they have a bunch of arcade games. They have a restaurant inside with delicious food
and also they have big flat screen TVs where you can watch your favorite sports games.
I used to come here all the time as a little girl, but honestly, this place is great for
all ages. So come along with me, let's go ahead and walk inside and learn some arcade game vocabulary.
Right now, I'm inside Davenbusters. So after walking through those front doors,
then you will watch straight toward the desk. This is the front desk. And this is where you will buy
your power card. This is a power card. And you will load it up with credits or chips.
Unfortunately, I don't have any chips or credits on this card. The balance is zero. Right now,
the front desk is close. There aren't any employees available to help me. So where do I go?
Where can I load up this card with some credits or chips? Well, I'll walk over here to the card
kiosk and I'll load up this card with credits and chips. This is the card kiosk and you have three
options. You can get a new power card, but I already have one. You can reach out your power card,
which I need to do because my balance is zero. And you can check your card balance to see how many
credits or chips you have. Also, this machine does not take cash. So I will have to use a credit card.
This is a credit card where I will put money onto this power card. Now I'm going to check my
card balance. I will click this right here. And then it says, please top your power card below.
This is my power card. I have zero point six chips. I basically can't play any arcade games.
So now I have to load up this card with some more credits or chips. And then you can see I have
554 tickets because you can win a souvenir inside David Busters. Right now I'm going to go ahead
and recharge this card. And as you can see on the screen, you need to select a recharge amount.
So you can recharge your card to any amount. This is the highest amount. $110 and that will give
you $780. Now I'm going to recharge my power card and I'm just going to start with $22.
And then I will click continue. And now it says, pay now. Now I will follow instructions on pin
tag below. And I will insert my credit card. I will remove my card. And now my order is complete.
Let me see if these chips have transferred onto this power card. I will check the card balance.
I will top the card right here. I finally have 100 chips. Now I can play right over here
in the arcade room. Come along with me. Right now I'm inside the arcade. Let me go ahead and
show you the first game. But look at all of the beautiful right colors, right lights all around me.
Let's go ahead and check out the first game. Come along with me. This is the first arcade game.
Do you guys know what it's calling? This is a classic arcade game. And this is an air hockey
where you can play air hockey. So you play air hockey with a mallet or a pusher. And you'll push
the plug or the hockey plug into your opponent's goal over there. To play air hockey, I need two
people, me and another person. Also, the price of this is 6.6 chips. So in order to play air hockey,
I have to tap my card over here, top to play. Are you guys ready to play?
Now, in order to play, I have to get my hockey puck. This is a puck. I will set this on the table.
And now I just need one more person and then I'll be ready to play. I'm going to play air hockey
with my camera man. Let's go. So right now, I'm just trying to bought my bowl. So my friend,
what we hit it in federal gold. He scored a goal. Now let's see if I can score a goal.
I scored a goal. And you can see the score right here. Right now, the score is tied. It's
one one. Now I'm not another classic arcade game. Can you guys tell me what this is called?
This is called Skibol. Skibol, you'll basically just roll a ball up around and you'll try to
aim the ball in one of the holes over there. Also, this game Skibol costs 1.4 chips. I'm going to
go ahead and top this part in placing Skibol. This is a ball and I will roll it up this ramp
and shoot it into one of the holes. My score was a total of 280 points and I won 10 tickets.
These tickets will show up on this game card, this power card. And at the end of the day, once
I'm done playing inside this arcade, I can redeem my tickets and I can win a souvenir over there.
This is another arcade game. Do you guys know what it's called? This is a dance machine.
This is where you guys can show off your moves. You will stump your feet right here on the dance pad
and you will dance the music being played right over here. This game costs 5 chips. I'm going to
tap my card and show you guys my awesome moves. Now it's time to pick a song. I'm going to pick this song.
Now I'm ready to dance. I picked the easiest level, level 1. And now it's time to
move around. Now I'm going to try the hardest level. Let's go!
This arcade game, the dance machine had four different levels. Easy, medium, hard, and the fourth one
was very hard. I just attempted the fourth one. As you can see, I didn't do very well,
but I tried my best. Now let's go ahead and check out another arcade game. This is a claw machine,
claw machine. It's called grab and win. And basically, I will tap my card right over here.
And the claw will try to grab some of these prizes. So I'll try my best at winning some prizes.
Maybe I'll win a stuffed animal or a ball. So close. I almost got a pony. To be honest,
I've never won a prize using a fall machine, but let me know down below if you guys have
ever won anything from a fall machine. Now this is a classic arcade game. This is called Pac-Man
and to play this game, it's basically a maze game so you will jump all the dots and you will try to
avoid the little ghosts. So the good thing about this arcade machine is that it's free.
This is called a joystick so I can move up, down, or side to side. And then I can use these buttons
for a different game. I'm not the best at playing Pac-Man, so come along with me and let's go play
another arcade game. This is a shooting arcade game. It's a shooting game. It's called a shooting game
because you will shoot with this fake gun and basically you will choose a mission and then you
will shoot people and you will aim with this gun. This game costs 4.3 chips. I'm going to top my
card and play it. Now I will choose a fake gun and press this button. This is a fake weapon and this
is the trigger. That's how you can shoot people in this video game. I'm reloading. This is a
sports game. It's called super shot. This game is where you can play basketball. This is a basketball
to play this game. You will throw the ball in the hoop. Like that. Now it says it's waiting for
other players, but I'm just playing by myself. Right now I'm in a different section. These are racing
games. I'm going to play Mario Kart. I feel like I'm in a race park. I'm sitting in a seat. This
is the steering wheel where I can drive the car. I also have a gas pedal right here and I can break
the car too. The only thing I don't have is a seat belt or a helmet, but I don't think I really
need it since this is a virtual race park game. And now I can play Mario Kart. This is an adjustable
seat. I am adjusting the seat to my height. Now I can pick my character. This is Mario. This is Luigi.
But I'm going to be Princess Peach. Now I can pick a horse. I can pick a normal horse
or the mirror horse. This horse is pretty hard. On the second lap, this horse has a total of
five laps. A lap is one complete trip around a racetrack. I've finished and second place with Princess
Peach. This is a ticket game. It's called Jackpot. Basically, you'll lift up this handle
and then you pull it down to spin the wheel and then you'll earn some tickets. Let me try it out.
I won 70 tickets and everything will go on this part. This is dodgeball. It's a sports game.
Basically, in dodgeball, there will be two teams. Anyone need a ball to throw at your opponent's
body. So I'm going to play dodgeball. It's a photo booth. Photo booth. Right now, I'm inside the
photo booth. You have to pay five dollars to take a picture. Also, there is a big screen where you can
see yourself when you take a picture. And this is a camera. So make sure to look right here when
you're taking a picture. Also, when you take a picture, there is a black person. So you do have
some privacy. You can also play a board game inside this arcade. Here, whenever thought, you can
play Monopoly inside an arcade. So this is a board game, but it's a virtual board game. And I will
tap my card and play. This costs 3.8 chips. I will press start. Now I will pick my piece. I will pick
the top hat. This is a virtual reality game. So all you need is a headset and two controllers.
Let's see how much this game costs. This game costs 8.8 chips. I'm going to tap my card and
play the game. Now, I will put on the headset. Right now, I have a headset on. And then I have
both controllers. And I cannot see you guys. I'm in a different world. This is my very last game.
And after I finish this game, I will redeem my tickets over there at the souvenir store.
So to play this game, you will have a fishing pool and you will try to catch some fish.
When you will pull this rod and you will use this handle to reel the fish in.
What? Two fish. To play a game, you can tap the card or you can insert the card.
I hit the bullseye. The bullseye is the very middle part of the game. Now when finished playing
the arcade games and now I'm going to redeem my tickets for a prize inside this little store.
And right over here, you can check your power card balance. I'm going to tap my card over here
and see my balance. And I have 1,138 tickets and I can redeem my tickets for a prize in this
huge room. Come along with me and let's go check out the prizes. This is the prize room. So
basically, you can find a prize based on how many tickets you have on your card. So I have around
1,000 tickets. So I have to find a prize that is around 1,000 tickets or below that. For example,
these stuffed toys are way out of my ticket range. Mario is 3,000 tickets and Pikachu is 2,000
tickets. So unfortunately, I can get either of these for my prize. Over here, they have the most expensive
prizes. They have Apple AirPod Pros for 75,000 tickets. And then they even have an Nintendo switch
set for 11,000 tickets. And over here, they have a PS5. Everything is brand new. And this PS5
is 160,000 tickets. I'm going to redeem my tickets and get Pikachu. Because 900 tickets.
I use my tickets on this card to get Pikachu. He was around 900 tickets. But I still have 200
tickets left on this card. So I'm not going to spend any more tickets inside that prize room.
I'm going to keep letting my tickets add up so then maybe next time I can get a bigger or better prize.
Okay, everybody, that's all for today's video. Let me know down below what was your favorite
game. And I want to know what place you would like me to teach all of you guys English next.
Go ahead and give me a like, subscribe, and I'll see you guys next week. Bye!