Hey guys, it's Aria Nithalagranga and welcome back to my YouTube channel.
If you saw my latest video, Christmas vocabulary, you know that we're in the month of December
and we're in the middle of the winter, right now it's winter time.
And in today's video, I will teach all of you guys outdoor activities you can do during
the winter.
And in today's video, I won't be by myself, I am not alone, I am with two English teachers.
I'm one of our guys, this is William and this is Maria and they are both English
teachers.
And I have a question for both of you, so do you guys like winter?
I'm more of a fan of summer.
I love winter to be honest, my favorite holiday costs on Christmas actually.
I like winter as well and in today's video, I'm going to teach all of you guys outdoor
winter activities to do during the months of November through February.
Do you guys know how to ice skate?
To be honest, I don't know anything about ice skating.
I don't know either.
Okay, well I do and I'm going to show you guys how to ice skate.
So come along with me and let's go to the ice skating rink.
And ice rink is an enclosed area of ice where you can go ice skating or you can go and
play ice hockey.
It looks pretty easy, but if it's your first time, it actually is really hard to skates
on the ice.
I have a question for you guys.
Have you ever been ice skating?
Have you ever skated on the ice?
Let me know down below.
Now it's time to go ice skating and skate on the ice.
But the ice rink is not free, you have to pay for it and you pay for it over here at the
check-in place and you can either check in and reserve your spot to ice skate, especially
if it's busy during the weekend.
But I didn't make a reservation, so I'm going to pay right now.
Hi.
I like to go ice skating.
This one?
Three.
Yeah.
How long do I have to skate on the ice?
It's long because you're here.
Okay.
Perfect.
Three ice skates.
Thank you.
Right now, she put a wristband on my wrist and that means I paid to go ice skating.
Behind me, there is a sign that says, must have wristband to enter and this is a wristband.
Maria, are you excited to go ice skating?
I'm so excited, guys.
Or you nervous.
Kind of nervous too.
And you said this is your first time ice skating.
Okay.
So a piece of advice when your ice skating don't fall forward or backward, always remember
to fall to one side.
I finally have my wristband and I'm ready to go on the rink.
I'm ready to go ice skating.
So wait, I do not have my ice skates.
I have my boots on.
Where do you pick up your ice skates?
Well you pick up your skates over here and you pick your skate size, your shoe size.
So I'm a size 10.
I have pretty big feet.
So I'm going to go ahead and pick up my skates and go on the rink.
Hey Maria, what's your shoe size?
I think it's 7.
7.
I'm a size 10.
I have pretty big feet.
Yeah.
Hi.
Hi.
Skates.
I'm a size 10.
Do you have yours?
Yes.
I've ever skied.
10.
Thank you.
We finally have our ice skates, but we're missing one person.
It was really um.
Well William didn't want to calm.
I think he was kind of scared.
I think he was scared because he's never been ice skating.
These ice skates are not brand new.
They are old and they are used because people rent them out to go skate on the ice
rink.
What's time to put on my ice skates?
So first I'm going to take off my boots.
I like to bring a pair of fuzzy socks that way can protect my ankles and my feet because
these socks are pretty thin, but I didn't bring them with me today.
I'm putting on the first ice skates.
Now it's time to tie my ice skates.
Well you don't tie them like a regular shoe, a gym shoe.
You have to lace them.
So you first tuck to cross over one lace and then you have to tuck it underneath the
eyelet and then you have to cross over the second lace and then tuck it underneath
the eyelet again and then you will lace up your ice skates and you lace up your ice
skates because you want to make sure that your feet do not move around because you want
your ice skates to be very tight.
And now it's time to tie my laces.
Now it's time to get on the ice and go ice skating.
This is a winter activity.
This is only open from November through February because you can only have an ice rink
when it's cold.
It's cold outside.
It's around 50 degrees so it's a perfect time to get on the rink.
Now I'm going to get on the ice and I'm ice skating.
Maria, I know it's your first time ice skating.
Do you think it's hard or easy?
It's really hard to be honest and I don't want to fall off the ice.
Yes, so right now it's her first time so she's actually using plastic buckets to help
her skate on the ice rink and it helps you a lot because it helps you balance your body.
You know?
Now I'm going to teach you guys how to ice skate.
So first you want to have your two feet apart like this, bend your knees and then
when you ice skate you have to push one foot off the other on the ice.
Let me know in the comments if I'm good at ice skating.
Time to get off the ice to get off the ice rink because they are going to clean the
ice with the zamboni and the zamboni will just pick up all the ice shavings and we'll
make the ice feel clean and fresh.
Maria, did you have fun ice skating?
Do you think it's a fun activity to do during the winter?
I think it's a fun activity for sure but I don't know if it's my thing.
Did you fall?
No, I didn't.
Yes.
Right now I'm done ice skating.
I'm finished with ice skating and I have to return my skates and where do I return the
skates?
Well, you can just hang your skates on this rack that says skate return right here and you
hang up the ice skates by their blade.
This is a blade so you just hang it up right here.
Now I'm ready to go and check out the second winter activity we can do during the
winter time.
A nice thing to do when you're outside doing winter activities like ice skating is you
can visit the shops and the stores around you so I just visited an ice cream shop and
inside the ice cream shop they sell ice cream of course and also hot chocolate.
So I got a small hot chocolate and this will keep me nice and warm while I'm walking
around in the city.
Another fun outdoor winter activity is you can dress up as Santa Claus or Mrs. Claus
and you can go to a bar crawl like all of these people are doing right now where they're
dressed up as Santa Claus, Mrs. Claus and elf, a gingerbread man.
You can dress up as someone and you can hop around and all of the bars here in downtown
Cincinnati.
Right now it's Santa Conde, William, how do you pronounce Santa is it Santa or Santa?
I say Santa, Santa.
My friend William is from Cleveland, Ohio and I have a question for you.
Have you ever dressed up as Santa?
Um, not that I would call no.
Okay.
Do you guys have Santa Conde and Cleveland?
We do unfortunately do not have Santa Conde but hopefully we start enjoying that tradition
as well.
Awesome.
Hi.
What's your name?
Dale and Sports.
Okay.
And what are you dressed up as today?
And have you dressed up as Santa's helper before?
I have not.
It's my first Santa Conde.
Look, there's someone with a motorcycle, how cool.
What are you going to do today?
Hey, old my friends.
That's the biggest thing.
Another fun activity you can do during Christmas or when it's really cold is you can
go sledding and you go sledding on snow but you have to start at the top of the hill and
then you sled down the hill.
Well over here, we don't have snow just yet but they do have tubing from the top over there
and then tube all of the way down to the bottom.
Do you guys want to go tubing?
Sure, yeah.
Yeah, for sure.
Let's go ahead and check out the prices and go tubing.
We just went inside and I wanted to buy a ticket to go tubing but it costs $20 per
person to go tubing and it's unlimited so you can go tubing as long as you want until
10 p.m.
Maria, do you think it's worth it?
I think it's worth it.
For me, I think it's a bit expensive.
$20 is really expensive.
What do you think?
For me, it's a rip off.
Oh, rip off.
Sorry guys, I'm good.
I would honestly rather go sledding and it's free.
I can go down the hill when it's snow instead of paying $20 to go tubing.
Another great outdoor activity you can do during Christmas time is you can go to a Christmas
market.
Right now, I'm at a Christmas market and you can shop around for decorations for
your home.
Or you can eat sweet treats like dessert, chocolate or you can grab some lunch here and
you don't have to pay to enter the Christmas market but you do have to pay for your food
and the decorations you want to buy.
This is a coffee cup but it's sleeve is in the shape of a dog.
It's so cute so you can buy this and then it will make sure that your hands don't get
too hot when you're drinking your cup of coffee and it looks like my dog, Ozuna.
The next outdoor activity you can do during the winter time is skiing or snowboarding.
Right now I'm at perfect north slopes and it's where you can go skiing and snowboarding
and skiing is the action of traveling over snow or on ice with skis.
You can also go snowboarding and when you go skiing or snowboarding, you go up on a
chair lift or a ski lift and you go up all the way to the top of the mountain and then
you will ski down the mountain or hill.
These are skis, skis are long narrow pieces of wood and you have two skis, one for each
foot.
Also over here they have ski poles.
These are ski poles and a lot of skiers use ski poles for balance.
How do you put skis on?
Well first you place both skis on the ground and then I cannot ski with my boots on.
I have to ski with ski boots.
These boots are attached to the skis using ski bindings which will hold the boots
and skis together securely and this is a snowboard and a snowboard is different compared
to skis because you'll have different boots and you'll just strap them on and then
you'll be ready to go snowboarding.
Instead of having two narrow wooden skis you just have one snowboard.
This is definitely harder compared to skiing because you don't have ski poles to help
you balance.
You're balancing using your whole body and if you guys want a whole review about skiing
and snowboarding let me know down below because I would love to show you guys and teach
you how to ski.
Okay guys, I'm finally finished with this video, I hope you guys learned a lot about outdoor
winter activities you can do from November through February during the winter time.
William and Maria, how can I find you guys on social media?
So we're English, W, Maria, William or I'll bring you guys to follow us on Instagram,
YouTube, Facebook and on TikTok if you want to.
Go ahead and like, subscribe and give me a super thing so if you guys support my channel
I'll see you guys next week.
Bye!