Hey everybody, it's Adianita Legdinga, and welcome back to my YouTube channel.
In today's video, I'm going to teach all of you guys' phrasal verbs about socializing.
And one of the most important phrasal verbs about socializing is hang out.
What does to hang out mean?
To hang out means to spend a lot of time in a place or with someone.
And I'm in the middle of Chicago, I'm all alone, and I'm going to hang out with my friends.
So, let me call up my friends, Matteo and Lissana.
Hey, Matteo and Lissana, what are you up to today?
Do you want to meet up at the Chicago Riverwalk?
Okay, nice, I'll see you then.
Hey, I'm over here.
Hey, Lissana!
Have you guys been?
We've been great.
What are your plans for today?
We would like to go to the Trump Tower.
Also, well, let's go check it out. Let's go.
When you hang out with people, you go to a place.
So, right now, I'm at Trump Tower on terrace 16.
And I'm hanging out with my friends and enjoying the beautiful city, looking at all the beautiful buildings and skyscrapers around me.
Normally, when you hang out with your friends, you can hang out at a place.
And I like to hang out at places that are free.
Right now, we're at the Trump Tower, and this terrace is free.
But you can also go to different places that are free like the park.
And you can just talk and catch up with your friends.
I have a question for both of my friends, Matteo and Lissana.
When you guys normally catch up with your friends and hang out with them,
do you guys normally go to places that are free like scrolling around a park
or walking around the city?
Or do you guys normally go to places that are expensive, maybe an expensive restaurant?
Well, we really love free places.
We prefer to talk more with friends and spend time in free places rather than expand a lot of money.
Maybe a little coffee, something to eat, but I would say more middle range, not too expensive.
I'm the same, I'm like Matteo, I like to go stroll around the park.
I like to walk a lot like you, so I don't like to spend a lot of money.
And then I also do like to spend some money going out to eat, drinking a cup of coffee at a cafe.
I would ride it, walk 10 kilometers, instead of paying $100 for an attraction.
And for my audience, my subscribers, where do you guys normally like to hang out with your friends?
Let me know down below.
Now, Matteo and Lisaanna, let's go ahead and stroll around the city because we have a lot to catch up on.
Let's go.
Right now, we're in front of the coffee shop, and I'm with my friend, Lisaanna.
And I think a coffee shop is a great way to go and catch up with your friends because you can hang out with them.
You can ask them a lot of questions, catch up about their life.
I haven't seen my friend Lisaanna in a while, so I'm going to ask her how her life is in Estonia, inside the coffee shop.
Also, inside the coffee shop, you can check out with your friends, drink a cup of coffee,
and enjoy the environment because it's pretty quiet.
Lisaanna, what's your favorite coffee?
I love a warm cup of tuna with an old man.
Awesome.
I think I'm my order, a white chocolate milk, so let's go ahead and head on over to the coffee shop.
Normally, when I invite my friends to hang out with me, I like to treat them with something.
So, if we go out to drink a cup of coffee, I like to pay for their cup of coffee.
But normally, Americans will just pay separately when they pay for their things.
So, today, I'm going to treat my friends, Matteo and Lisaanna.
I'm going to pay for their cup of coffee, and I'm going to ask some questions about their life,
because I want to catch up with them and see what they've been up to, what have their lives been up to,
traveling all over the world.
Because if you guys haven't seen their YouTube channel, they are both travel vloggers,
and they go all around the world, and they visit different countries, different cities,
and I'm sure they have a lot of good stories to tell me.
I just bought my cup of coffee, and I gave Lisaanna a cup of coffee for free, because she's my friend.
And I also bought us a bun cake for us to share.
But they all, why didn't you order something?
Because coffee gives me anxiety, anxiety, and I cannot eat chocolate because I am an a diet.
Okay, you're on a diet. You want to cut out the sugar from your body.
But the sugar, the coffee, and the alcohol as well.
I paid $13.92 for two cups of coffee, a small and a medium, and a cake.
Do you guys think that's expensive, or do you guys think it's cheap?
Let me know down below.
And I also think that this is a pretty cheap price for me, because you can sit down with your friends,
hang out with them, chit chat, and catch up about their life.
So I'm going to ask about the only son of some questions about their life,
because they are both travel vloggers that travel all around the world.
So both of my friends are not from the United States.
He's from Argentina. He's Argentinian.
Lisaanna is from Estonia. She's Estonian.
I have a question, so I know you guys travel all around the world.
Where do you guys live right now?
We actually live in Estonia. This is our place. It's where we have our house.
Do you guys think you'll live there your whole life?
Or since you're traveling so much, do you think you're able to move to a different place?
We are very spontaneous, so we never know.
But right now, we're in Estonia.
What country have you guys traveled to lately?
Lately, we've been to...
Maybe Lisaanna remembers more than me.
We went to Japan, United Arab Emirates, and Maldives.
What are your favorite types of food?
Or what is the best food you've had in these countries or countries in South America?
For me, the best one is ceviche from Peru.
And also I love beans, rice, and meat, which is a typical Latin American food.
The most delicious thing recently that I tried was Japanese tomato ramen.
And I know both of you travel around the world, and you guys work with YouTube.
You guys make videos on YouTube.
So what is the best thing about your job?
In my opinion, is that I have a lot of fun.
And I do this job because I can't have fun.
I love that we have three schedules, so if I want to wake up at 10 am and start my day later, I can do it.
And if I want to start really early, I also can do it.
I feel like with YouTube, you're on bus.
You know, you can wake up when you want to wake up.
You can work when you want to work, but you're also having fun and traveling the world.
So I think that's such a cool job that you guys have.
It's amazing.
Also have the negative sites, like any kind of other job, but we love what we do so far.
What do you think are the negatives to working with social media and online?
I would say that you have to be online the whole time.
And then that's drawn to your energy a lot.
And also you have to travel from one country to another all the time.
And sometimes you want to stay at home and have a normal routine.
Instead of just keep changing the places all the time.
It can be really exhausted.
I definitely think it can be exhausting, especially traveling all around the world.
You're changing your time.
You know, Europe is six hours ahead.
Here it's a different time.
It can be difficult adjusting the time.
Adjusting the food if you've never tried the food before.
I think it's great that you guys have more positives than negatives about your job.
Because you guys wouldn't be doing it right now.
That's great.
We are ready.
Thanks for to have this life and job.
I know both of you are so intelligent.
And you guys speak so many languages.
You're from Estonia.
You speak Estonian.
Spanish.
And you also speak English.
And you speak Spanish as well.
And Portuguese.
And English as well.
Do you guys think English is necessary to travel all around the world?
I would say that English is not important anymore.
I think it's essential.
You must speak English in my opinion.
If you speak English, you will open the doors of the world of the opportunities.
And your life, a pretty short will improve and get better if you speak English.
I think also because it's an international language.
And not only it allows you to travel.
It allows you to study, to work.
And maybe you want to meet someone.
Now that I have caught up with my great friends.
Matteo Lissana.
I'm going to drink my cup of coffee.
She is too.
And we're going to share this buncake together.
I just got done drinking my cup of coffee with my friends.
My fail in Lissana.
And I had a great time chit chatting with them.
Getting to know them a little bit more and hearing the stories they have from around the world.
And later, I'm going to meet up with my friends and hang out with them again.
We are going to the NBA game where the Chicago Bulls are going to play against the Brooklyn Nets.
Okay, guys. I'll meet up with you later.
And I'll see you then, okay?
Goodbye.
Bye.
My friends just left.
And I'm all alone right now because they went to explore the city of downtown Chicago.
Because it's their first time here.
Also, I told them that I'm going to meet up with them later.
What does a phrasal verb meet up mean?
That means that I'm going to see them at a specific time or location.
And I'm going to meet up with them at the NBA stadium.
Also, let me know down below what questions you guys normally ask your friends when you meet up with them.