Hey everybody, it's Adi Nitha lagginga, and welcome back to my YouTube channel.
If you guys don't know anything about me, I am a native English teacher teaching you guys
English at different places.
Sadly, I'm not a New York city, but I'm back in my hometown since I'm a radio hyo.
And in today's video, I am at Walgreens.
Today, I'm going to teach all of you Pharmacy Vocab because Walgreens is a pharmacy.
As a pharmacy, and inside, you can get prescription medications.
So come along with me and let's go walk inside and learn some Pharmacy Vocab and how to
Medicaid certain illnesses.
Apparently, I can't record inside Walgreens, but there is another pharmacy right across Walgreens
called CVS Pharmacy.
I'm going to try and record inside without getting caught.
I am standing in the middle of an aisle with lots of over-the-counter medication.
And you use this over-the-counter medication when you're feeling under the weather or sick.
I'm going to teach you the different types of illnesses and health vocab, but I'm going to start
from my head and then work my way down to my toes.
Let's start with the head.
What do you call when you have a throbbing pain in your head?
That is called a headache.
There are several different types of headaches, but the most common is a migraine.
When you're looking for over-the-counter medication to relieve your headache pain, look at the signs.
This sign says, pain relief.
I'm going to look for pain relief for headache supports.
I can find different types of pills, different types of medications.
Like migraine relief, this is the CVS health brands.
Some other types of over-the-counter meds that can help relieve your headache pain
is, et cetera.
This is extra strength, et cetera.
And it contains acetaminophen, aspirin, and caffeine.
As I said before, the most common type of headache is a migraine.
You can buy this migraine relief, and it'll help relieve your migraine.
But another type of headache is a tension headache.
If you have a headache, look for the specific type of headache you have,
and you can buy this at the checkout counter.
Also, they have a migraine and fever cooling gel sheet.
This is different than taking a pill.
This will actually be placed on your forehead and help you relieve your headache.
Sadly, I got kicked out of Walgreens Pharmacy, as well as CVS Pharmacy.
And now, my last and third option is to go teach you guys
some pharmacy vocab inside Croger, because they also have a pharmacy over there.
Moving from our head, now we're going to focus on our eyes.
These are our eyes. And what happens if you're looking at your phone for too long?
If you have allergies, and you might see some redness, your eyes might be a little bit dry.
Well, you can put in eye drops. You'll put eye drops in your eyes
to help you relieve the redness and the dryness of your eyes.
Moving down from your eyes, there is the nose.
What do you call this? A chew.
A chew.
That is called a sneeze.
I just sneezed.
Also, when you're sick, you may sneeze.
A chew.
And you may have mucus going down to your lips down to your cheeks.
What does that call?
That is called a runny nose.
Runny nose.
What's over the counter medication?
Can you use to help you reduce you from sneezing?
A chew?
Or stop your nose from running?
Or stop your sniffles?
You have this right here. It's called aphrine.
It's a nasal spray that you'll use to relieve and de-conjust that area.
You also have some tablets you can use.
A sinus congestion.
You can take a pill and swallow it.
And this will help you relieve all this congestion
and your sniffles and your runny nose.
If you don't have a cold, then you can use Zertek.
This is an allergy medication.
So if you're sneezing a lot, if it's spring or it's a change of season like fall
and you have allergies, you can take this Zertek pill once every day
and it'll help reduce you from sneezing
and having a runny nose due to allergies.
Of course, if you keep sneezing a chew
and if you still have a runny nose and these medications
that I taught you guys aren't helping you out,
you may have a cold, a viral infection or the flu.
Flu.
What are some of the over-the-counter meds that you can take
and help you reduce your cold or flu symptoms?
You have a big stay quilt.
This is for cold and flu.
You drink this medication from this small cup.
It'll help relieve headache, fever, sore throat,
minor aches, and pains.
Another drinkable medication is called Theraflu.
Theraflu helps reduce your cough, symptoms, nasal congestion
when we just talked about sore throat pain
because sore throat is the number one symptom of a cold.
This Theraflu comes in a packet.
You'll pour it in a cup full of hot water
and then this will dissolve and you'll drink your tea
or your hot cup of water
and this will help suit your sore throat.
Another over-the-counter med that may help your cold
or flu symptoms is this right here.
This is daytime severe cold and flu medication
and it's a soft gel.
Soft gel is similar to a pill.
You still will put it on your tongue
and you'll swallow it while drinking water.
It's a great way to help relieve your cold
and flu symptoms and they have two different soft gels
you can take.
They have a daytime and a nighttime.
And lastly, one of my favorite cold remedies
are cough drops.
I love cough drops because they taste just like candy.
A cough drop will help suit your sore throat
because when you have a cold or your sick,
you might be coughing a lot or you may have trouble
swallowing things and may hurt when you're swallowing.
So taking these cough drops will help suit your sore throat
Before continuing the video,
being in a pharmacy may be realized
how important it is to have good health.
Especially good mental health.
That is why I want to talk to you about the sponsor
of today's video.
Better help.
Personally, managing a busy life with many commitments
or responsibilities can be stressful.
That is why I've been using better help
to live a healthier and happier life.
I learned a my therapy session to practice mindfulness.
By practicing gratitude,
focus my attention on what is positive
in the present moment and reduce my stress.
Better help is the world's largest therapy service
that is 100% online.
Better help can match you to one of over 30,000
licensed and accredited therapists
who are trained to listen and give you unbiased advice.
To get started, you fill out a questionnaire
to help assess your specific needs
and then you'll get matched with a therapist.
Starting therapy can be hard
and the right therapist for you may not be in your area
and some people find the face-to-face interaction
of therapy uncomfortable.
But with better help, you have different options.
You can have your therapy sessions as a phone call,
as a video chat,
or even via messaging if you prefer that.
Whatever is the most comfortable version
of therapy for you.
And the best part, you'll be able to schedule
therapy sessions at a time that's convenient for you.
If the therapist, you're first matched with
doesn't feel like the right fit,
which can be common when starting therapy.
You can easily switch to a new therapist
with no additional cost,
without stressing about insurance,
who's in your network,
or anything like that.
If you think you might benefit from therapy,
consider better help.
Click the link in the description
or visit betterhelp.com-adianita.
Now let's learn more about pharmacy vocab.
So far, we've talked about a headache
when you have a pounding,
throbbing pain in your head.
And then we talked about our eyes.
You use eye drops, you drop eye drops
in your eyes, to help relieve the redness from your eyes.
And then moving down from your eyes,
we talked about the nose.
When you're sniffling,
if you're sick,
also if you're feeling under the weather,
you may be sneezing a lot,
or you might have a runny nose.
So you might need some tissues
to help clean the mucus running down your nose.
Or you may have a sore throat from coughing a lot.
But what happens if your back hurts?
That is called a back ache.
And you may have a back ache
if you lift something really heavy
and if you're not in the proper position
to lift something.
So if I'm hunched over like this
and if I don't use my legs to lift something up,
I might get a back ache.
Basically a back ache is when your back hurts.
What do you do to relieve this pain?
You can buy cream and rub it on your back.
You can also buy a cold pack
which will help reduce the pain.
Or you can buy this.
This is a leave back and muscle pain.
It's a pill so you just swallow the pill
and then hopefully in a couple of hours
your back pain will disappear.
What do you guys call this big red box
that has all of your supplies?
So if you get a cut or a scrape
you can find all of your supplies in this big box.
This is a first aid kit.
In this first aid kit
you can find bandage,
scars,
hand cleansing wipes,
Benadryl,
Neosporin.
If you have a cut,
you put Neosporin on top of your cut
and that will help heal the wounds.
Tylenol,
adhesive bandages,
scissors,
and instant cold pack.
If you don't want to buy this first aid kit
that has essentially everything you need
if you have a cut or a scrape,
you can also buy bandage.
This is the largest box of bandage.
It's $15.
And the smallest and the cheapest box of bandage
that they have is $1.49.
Above the bandages are thermometers.
This is a thermometer.
If you're feeling warm,
if you're feeling hot,
you may need to check your temperature.
And you check your temperature with a thermometer.
If your body temperature is above 98.6
Fahrenheit,
you may have a fever.
That is called a fever.
And a fever is a common symptom of a cold
or flu.
This is a thermometer.
The most common areas where you can take your temperature
are under your tongue, under your armpit,
or your forehead.
So they have a thermometer,
specifically for your forehead.
This thermometer is the cheapest thermometer
at $7.99.
And then the price is very.
This thermometer is $12.89.
This thermometer is $24.99.
$39.99.
And the most expensive thermometer
is the forehead thermometer at $49.99.
And last but not least,
what happens if you can't fall asleep?
What is that called?
If you're having trouble sleeping during the night,
if you keep waking up,
well that is called insomnia.
So what are some good meds
over the counter meds?
Because remember,
I'm in the over the counter aisle.
I do not need a prescription.
So what are some over the counter meds
that can help you fall asleep and stay asleep?
This is melatonin,
but these are melatonin gummies,
and melatonin helps you fall asleep faster,
and stay asleep longer,
and is 100% drug-free.
Because remember,
this is an over-the-counter medication.
They also have another form of melatonin.
It is a fast, dissolved tablet.
This is a tablet, and these are gummies.
Another form of melatonin is this liquid form.
This is z-quill,
and it's a nighttime sleep aid.
So this will help you fall asleep.
I don't think I need this medication melatonin
because I don't have trouble falling asleep
and can fall asleep right away.
Are we so recording?
Lastly,
what do you call this type of pain?
When you have a lot of pain in your stomach,
and you're tummy,
and you're belly,
what do you call it?
That is called a stomach ache,
and you may get a stomach ache
if you ate something that is spoiled.
If you have cramps,
if you're constipated,
there are so many different reasons
why people have stomach aches.
So what is the remedy?
How do you reduce your ache?
If behind me,
this is the digestive health section,
where you can find things for your stomach,
because this is your digestive area.
The most common remedy to reduce your ache
or your pain is peptobismal.
This is a tubal tablet that you will swallow
and it is a five symptom relief for nausea,
heartburn,
and digestion,
upsets stomach,
or diarrhea.
Another good over the countermed
to decrease your stomach ache
is this right here.
These are tablets,
it's an antacid that will reduce the acid
in your stomach.
I'm kind of like a kid,
so I like taking tons,
because I like the flavor of tons,
because it tastes like fruits,
but I only take these when I have a stomach ache.
And this is a chewable tablet
so I can swallow this easily.
I just taught you guys some common
over the countermeds that can help you
relieve symptoms like a cold or flu.
Right behind me is a pharmacy,
and the pharmacy they have prescription medication.
What is a prescription?
A prescription is written approval by a doctor
that allows you to take this medication
because some medications may be harmful.
For example,
a prescription medication like insulin
would not be found in the over the counter aisle
where we were up before.
It would be found inside the pharmacy.
So how do you get a prescription medication?
You will go to the doctor's office
and if you have diabetes,
you will write a prescription down of insulin
and he will send the prescription to the pharmacy
where you will stand in line
like these people are
to pick up your prescription medication.
Okay guys,
I'm finally outside of Croger
and finished with this video.
I have to admit it was a bit tough
to record this type of video
because I got kicked out of two pharmacies
but thanks to Croger for allowing me
to record inside
and for not kicking me out.
I hope you guys have learned a lot
of pharmacy vocab
and I hope you guys are a little bit more confident
to ask someone for help
if you are inside of a pharmacy,
like Croger, CVS, or Walgreens.
I hope you guys liked this video.
Stay healthy, go ahead and like, subscribe
and give me a super thanks
if you want to support my videos.
Bye!