Hey guys, it's Adi Nithelaglinga and welcome back to my YouTube channel.
In today's video, I will teach all of you English at the Apple Store.
The Apple Store is a retail store that sells things like computers,
laptops, and smartphones. Now let's walk inside the store and see the different products they have.
Now let's start with the most popular item they sell inside the store.
An iPhone. This is an iPhone and an iPhone is a smartphone and it has many of the same
functions that a computer can do. Back in the day, telephones used to be fixed to a wall or
had large cables coming out of them, but a smartphone is portable so I can take this anywhere with me.
This is an iPhone. iPhone. It's a smartphone and it has a touchscreen. This is a touchscreen because
I can touch it. On the back of the phone, there are three cameras. These are cameras.
This is a USB port so you can plug in your phone and charge it and these are the speakers speakers.
You can adjust the volume with these buttons right here. I can increase the volume or decrease the
volume. This is the ring or silence switch so if you want to hear your notifications,
you can go ahead and turn it on. But if you don't want to hear any sounds, you can just switch it off.
And then on this side, this is how you can turn off your phone. So if I press this button,
then it will turn off my phone. But if I just want to lock my screen, I can just press it like that.
How do you use a phone? Well, all of these phones are on display and they're already unlocked.
This is the lock screen and I can just swipe up and go ahead and use the phone.
Right now, I'm at the home screen. This is my iPhone and right now, I'm at the lock screen.
And to unlock my phone, I can use space ID. This is space ID. Or I can enter my password.
This is my password. And right now, I'm on the home screen. This is a home screen. I have
unlocked my phone. And why do people buy phones? The purpose of a phone is to call or send a text message.
But when you buy a phone or something from the Apple store, you are just buying the product.
These are products and they are on display. So if you want to call or text someone,
you need to have cell phone service. Unfortunately, Apple does not sell cell phone service.
So you have to go to a cell phone service provider and buy a monthly plan from Verizon,
T-Mobile or other companies that provide cell phone services. So if I want to buy this iPhone
right now, and if I want to make a call or if I want to send a text message, I won't be able to
because I will need to buy a cell phone plan or have cell phone service from one of the companies I mentioned.
And why do people buy an iPhone compared to any other type of phone? Because remember,
a phone is used to make calls or send text messages. Well, people buy iPhones because of their features.
For example, this smartphone has a ton of apps. These are apps. App is short for application.
And these applications are programs that are kind of similar to those on your computer.
For example, this is the camera app. Camera app. On the camera app, I can take pictures.
I am taking a picture or I can flip the camera to the front screen. And right now, I can take a selfie.
I am taking a selfie. Look at that selfie. When I take a picture, I can zoom in.
I am zooming in with my fingers or I can zoom out. And this is the wide angle lens so I can see a lot more.
You can take photos or you can take videos. I am recording a video inside the Apple Store.
And just like the photos, I can zoom in. I can zoom out and I can also use the wide angle lens.
You can also use portrait mode when you take a photo. So if there's someone in front of you,
it will blur out the background. I am holding a peace sign and the background is blurry.
And then I can also take a panorama. So this is just a very long photo.
Look at that. I can also take a video in the cinematic mode. So of course, if I put someone in
front of the camera, like me, then the background will be blurry. The background is blurry right now.
I can also record in slowmo. Hey guys, welcome back to my YouTube channel. Go ahead and subscribe to
me. So in slowmo, if I want to watch my video, everything will be in slow motion.
And then the opposite of a slowmo is the time lapse. That is when everything is sped up.
Right now, I am taking a time lapse. So when I watch this video, everything will be very fast.
This is my time lapse. That was really quick. What happens if you want to take a picture,
or if you want to record a video? And it's really dark. Well, you can go ahead and use the flash.
I will take a picture using the flash. Look at the difference between this picture and this
picture. This picture has flash and this picture doesn't have flash. This phone has many more
applications or apps, which I'll talk about later. But right now, I will swipe down and I'll show you
even more features this phone has. You can go on airplane mode and then this button right here
is where you can connect to Wi-Fi. I am already connected to Wi-Fi. And then next to the Wi-Fi,
you can connect to Bluetooth, which is basically where you can connect or pair with different
Bluetooth devices. For example, if I want to listen to music on my speaker, I can connect to Bluetooth
and my music will connect my phone to my speaker. And above the Bluetooth, this is the network.
Right now, my phone doesn't have any network because these phones are on display.
What if I buy a cell phone plan from Verizon or AT&T? Then I will have service. You can see that
this phone has battery. It has 96% battery. And then you can also decrease the brightness or dim the
brightness or you can increase the brightness. The volume is on high, but I can always lower the volume.
And then if I don't want to hear any notifications, I can just turn my phone to focus mode or do
not disturb. That way I won't get any messages or notifications. I think we covered a lot on the
iPhone about the apps and the different types of features it has, but I wanted to show you
what type of iPhone this is. This is the iPhone 15 Pro Max. It's the latest iPhone. And this costs
1,199 dollars. Now let's go ahead and check out the different types of devices they sell inside the
store. Now we are in another section inside the Apple store. These are Apple watches. These are
smart watches. This is a watch. A watch is where you can see and tell time. Right now it's 209
in the afternoon, but this isn't like any other type of watch. This is a smart watch. And this watch
has a bunch of different applications. This watch is similar to an iPhone because it has
most of the same applications. For example, let's go to the calculator up. Right now I'm on the
calculator up so I can go ahead and use the plus sign or I can add things together or I can use the
minus sign or subtract things. This is a watch and it'll go around your wrist. This is a strap
so right now I'm putting it on my wrist. I am adjusting the strap that way. It's tied around my wrist
and now I can tell the time. Like the iPhone, these smart watches have different types of models. This
is the most expensive model at $799 and this is one of the most expensive ones because it has
more gadgets and more features. Similar to the iPhone, this smart watch is where I can actually make
calls and I can send text messages. So I can go ahead and make phone call or send a voice message
with this watch. On this watch I can make a phone call so I can dial someone's number or I can send a
text message and you can send a message using the keyboard or you can scribble each letter.
Now let's move on to a different Apple device because I feel like I can spend hours and hours talking
about the different features on this watch. And go ahead and let me know down below if you would pay
$799 for this smart watch. This Apple store sells phones, smart watches and also laptops.
These are laptops. A laptop is a portable computer that you can take with you anywhere.
laptops have screens that can fold down and cover the keyboard. And why do people buy laptops
versus a regular desktop computer? This is a laptop it's portable. I can take it with me anywhere
and it has a touch pad. This is a touch pad. This touch pad will replace a computer mouse.
This laptop also has a keyboard. This is a keyboard and a keyboard is used for typing. As I said before,
this keyboard is used for typing. Right now I am typing on the keyboard. When you use the keyboard,
you are typing on the keyboard. You are not writing. You're right with a pen or a pencil.
I personally own a laptop and I use it every day to reply or to send emails. Talking about
emails, do you know this symbol that is used in your email? That is called the at sign. At sign.
For example, my email is business.adiantita at gmail.com. As I said before, this is a laptop
and inside the store. They have different types of models on display. For example,
this is the MacBook Pro 16 inch and it goes from $2,499. But this is just the starting price
because you can always upgrade it for more memory but it will cost more money. Next to the laptops,
these are iPads. iPads. An iPad is a tablet and it's pretty similar to an iPhone because it has
a touch screen. I can touch the screen and I can write on it with this Apple pencil. So basically,
it's just a bigger iPhone. Also, you can buy a keyboard. This is a keyboard and it doesn't come
with the iPad so you can use it like a laptop. When you buy an iPad, it'll just come with the tablet
itself. So if you want to buy a keyboard or an Apple pencil, you have to buy those separately. This
12.9 inch iPad Pro costs $1,99. But remember, that's the starting price because if I want to
have more memory or more storage, that price will go up. Now, I want to ask all of you a question.
If you wanted to buy an iPad, would you buy an iPad like this just to tablet itself? Or would you
make it kind of into a computer? Would you buy a keyboard and an Apple pencil? Let me know down
below. Moving away from the iPads, I want to show you guys these. These are the latest Apple
Vision Pro and I'm so excited to show you guys because you can actually try them on inside the store.
In order to try them on inside the store, you have to make an appointment. So, I'm going to make an
appointment by scanning this QR code. And now it says choose a time. So right now it's 248,
so I'm going to choose my appointment for 3pm. As I said before, I can't just try on these Apple
Vision Pros. No, I have to make an appointment. So I just made an appointment and right now,
I'm waiting for someone to come and get me. And then I can finally try them on. While we wait for
my appointment, I want to show you guys some more gadgets they have inside the store. So over here,
they sell headphones. These headphones are called AirPods and they don't have any cables. So you'll
just put them in your ears and you can listen to music. And then below the AirPods,
this is a charger. This is a max-safe charger. So you won't need any cables or cords like a USB
cord to plug it in. You will just set your phone on top of the charger and your phone will charge.
And then below these chargers, this store also sells speakers. These are home pods or speakers.
Over here, this is an Apple TV. This is the remote control. And I can go ahead and download
apps from the App Store. This is the App Store. So I can download Netflix, Disney Plus. I can
listen to music. And I can even watch YouTube. If you're watching my video right now using an Apple
TV, go ahead and let me know down below in the comments. As you can see, there are a bunch of different
products and gadgets all around me. And I can spend hours and hours talking about these things
inside the store. But right now, it's time for my appointment right now. I'm just waiting for someone
to come and get me. And I am so excited to tell you guys about this experience. That was amazing.
Oh my gosh. I just finished my experience with the Apple Vision Pro. It was amazing. And I think
it's worth the price. Okay, everybody. I just finished with my appointment to see the Apple Vision
Pro for the second time. And as you can see, I have some marks on my forehead and underneath my
eyes. I just wanted to let you guys know that this video is not an ad. It is not an advertisement.
But I just want to thank the Apple team and the people working inside the store because they allowed
me to teach all of you guys English inside the Apple Store. By the way, they normally don't allow
people to do that. So I'm very thankful for that. Okay, everybody. I hope you all enjoyed this video.
Go ahead and let me know down below which place you would like me to visit for the next video
to teach all of you guys English vocabulary. And don't forget to give me a like and don't forget
to subscribe because that will help more people find my channel and learn more English. And I'll see you
guys next week. Bye!