Hi, it's Adia Nitha, your favorite American English teacher, and I'm so excited about this video!
As you can see in the title, we will be talking about phrasal verbs.
I know for some of you phrasal verbs may be a little bit complicated, or you may not even know what a phrasal verb is,
but that's okay because after this video phrasal verbs will be a piece of cake for you.
Before diving into this video, we first have to ask ourselves, what are phrasal verbs?
A verb becomes a phrasal verb by adding one or more prepositions to it.
Each additional prepositions completely changes the meaning of the verb.
For example, pick up means to grab or to lift.
This phrasal verb is different from the definitions of pick and up alone.
When used in a sentence phrasal verbs act the same as other verbs.
Phrasal verbs can be conjugated into every type of verb forms,
so you can use them anywhere you would place a normal verb.
There are four types of phrasal verbs, and these are divided into two pairs.
Transitive and intransitive, separable and inseparable.
A phrasal verb can only belong to one pair, but keep in mind that separable phrasal verbs are transitive.
Now, let's practice some examples.
Let's look at the phrasal verb, get over.
The verb get by itself means to acquire, and the preposition over means to go above something
or be higher.
However, if you put both words together, then you create the phrasal verb, get over.
This means to recover and overcome, which is a completely different meaning
from the separate definitions of get versus over.
You can use get over like a normal verb in any form or tense.
Here are some examples.
I had the flu last week, but I got over it.
He wrote a song to get over his grandmother's death.
She's just getting over the stomach bug.
And finally, gotten over the breakup, they were ready to return their partner's things.
Now, after knowing what a phrasal verb is and how it functions in the sentence, we can
jump right into the title of the video and see the most common phrasal verbs in English.
The first phrasal verb is calm down.
This means to relax after an energetic or irritated state.
For example, I need to calm down after that match.
The second phrasal verb is check out.
This means to verify a person or a thing.
This can also be flirtatious when used in reference to a person.
I'll check out the contract.
Come up.
This means to be the topic of discussion or receive attention.
We'll let you know if any job openings come up.
Give away this means to donate something or give something for free.
Sarah gave away her clothes to charity.
Go ahead. This means to proceed or move forward.
Because of the rain, we can't go ahead with the festival.
And finally, the last phrasal verb is show off.
This means to display your abilities or accomplishments to impress people.
She likes to show off her expensive clothes.
Okay, everyone. We are finished with the most common phrasal verbs I showed you.
But there are many more out there.
If you like this video and want to know more about phrasal verbs,
don't forget to like and subscribe because I may make a second part of the most common phrasal verbs in English in the future.
Let me know down below in the comments of any other phrasal verbs that you use every day.
See you guys next time. Bye!