Hey guys, it's Arionita Lagringa and welcome back to my YouTube channel.
Today I am taking you guys with me to go exercise and where do you go exercise?
Well, you exercise at the gym and I'm going to exercise at my gym called the YMCA and that stands for young men's Christian association.
Now let's learn some gym vocab at the...
Come along with me.
Right now, I'm in the lobby of my gym and before walking inside, I have to scan this card.
This is my gym membership and I pay for this monthly, so I'm going to go ahead and scan this membership and this has a barcode.
Before working out, I'm going to grab a towel and teach you guys what a gym membership is.
A gym membership is when you are a member of the gym, you are a part of the gym and you basically pay each month a specific amount and you have access to all the utilities they have here and the classes.
I pay $25 per month to go to the gym.
Do you guys think that's expensive? Let me know down below before exercising or working out.
I recommend you guys to warm up your body and what does warming up your body mean?
That means stretching your arms, stretching your legs or doing a low intensity workout like walking or jogging before your workout.
After stretching my body, now I'm ready to warm up and one of my favorite ways to warm up is going on the treadmill on a light walk.
Remember, warming up is a low intensity exercise that you do before doing a high intensity exercise like lifting weights.
Another way to warm up your body is using a stair master or the elliptical.
Now let's start warming up on the treadmill. I'm going to press go and start warming up.
I normally run one mile when I warm up. Let me know down below how many miles you guys run when you guys go to the gym.
Here in America we use miles instead of kilometers and I like to warm up because I don't want to have an injury when I'm working out.
Right now I'm walking on the treadmill and with this button I can control the speed of the treadmill.
So right now I'm just walking one mile per hour and as you can see I'm going pretty slow.
And with this button right here I can control the incline. So I can go all the way up to incline number 12 which is pretty steep for me.
So I'm just going to stay on incline number 6.
Okay guys, I'm finally finished warming up my body and I'm pretty sweaty right now.
But I'm ready to start my actual workout. I just ran one mile and now I'm ready to go workout.
I'm going to start my workout in the weight room where they have a lot of equipment and three weights you use to workout.
When I talk about three weights that is weight that is not connected to a machine. Now let's play a little game. I'll give you guys three seconds and you have to tell me what this free weight is.
What is this free weight?
This is a dumbbell. They have short bars that you can hold with both hands. Now I want you guys to tell me what this is.
This is a barbell and it is a long skinny bar that you can hold with two hands. Now what do you call these?
This is called a plate or a weight plate and this will go on the end of the barbell.
This is called a clamp or a weight clamp and this will go at the end of the barbell to secure the plates so they do not fall.
And what is this called? What am I sitting on right now? This is called a bench or an exercise bench and it helps you perform exercise movements.
The last free weight is this right here. What is it called? This is called a kettlebell kettlebell and it's handle is in the shape of a loop.
After knowing what a free weight is I'm going to take two dumbbells and work out my body and first going to start with my shoulders and then move down.
So let's start. I have my two dumbbells and I'm going to work out my shoulders. That was one rep of doing my shoulders.
Now remember one rep means one repetition and that means just one movement. Now if I do another one that means I have done two reps.
I'm going to do 10 reps and make that one set. I have just completed my set of 10 reps of shoulders with my dumbbells.
Now I'm going to take a little break and then begin my other set moving down from my shoulders. Now I'm going to focus on this muscle, this part of my body, the triceps.
And I'm going to use this cable machine that they have in this weight room and it's called a cable machine because it has a cable that you pull down.
So let's start off exercising the triceps. I'm going to do one set with 10 reps. There we go. I have worked out my triceps. Now remember you don't have to use the cable machine to work out the back part of your arm.
This muscle right here, the tricep. You can also exercise your tricep with a dumbbell. This is just another way to exercise this muscle in your body.
Now I'm going to raise this dumbbell and then work out my tricep. I just completed five reps of this workout. Now I'm going to work out this muscle in my body. Do you know what it's called?
This is called your bicep bicep and I'm going to change this handle and put this one on. I'm poking it on right now. After hooking this on, I'm going to pull this handle and bring it all the way down to the floor. Then I'm going to work out my biceps. I'm going to do biceps. There we go. I have completed five reps working out the biceps. Now I'm going to focus on my chest area.
So I'm going to sit down on this exercise bench, this bench and then I have my barbell. I also have my plates and I have a clamp at both ends of the barbell. So I'm going to lay down on this bench and do a bench press. This exercise is called a bench press.
It's too heavy. I'm putting this back down and I'm going to remove the clamp and both weights and I'm just going to bench press with the barbell. Now that I have removed the weights, I'm going to attempt to bench press just the bar. I'm not sure how many reps I can do. I'm going to attempt to do 10 but I'm not sure.
It's 10 reps with the bench press. If you guys are laughing because of my weak arms, just wait for my legs because I promise I'm stronger than you think.
As you just saw, I had a little bit of trouble performing the bench press exercise. But hey, that's okay. Next time, I'm going to ask someone, hey, can you spot me?
If someone can assist you with the bench press or you can have someone spot you with any other heavy weights. So I recommend you guys to do this. So you guys do not get hurt when you are exercising.
Now I'm going to exercise my back, but I'm pretty tired, so I'm going to change the weights.
And as you can see right here, I'm going to change it from 75 pounds to just 10 pounds. Also, this weight machine and all the weight machines here have pounds and also have kilograms.
So 10 pounds is 4.5 kilograms and I'm going to pull down this bar and exercise my back.
Okay, I'm going to add a little bit more weight because that is way too easy for me. Let's do 40 pounds or 18 kilograms. That's much better. I'm going to do 5 reps.
Now I'm finished with the back. I just used this machine to work out my back, but as you can see, there are 3 more stations that you can use to work out your arms and your back.
And you can also change the different handles to work out the different parts of your body. After working out my shoulders, my triceps, my biceps, my back and my chest. Now I'm going to work around this part of the body.
I'm going to work out my core, my abs and I'm going to use this exercise mat, or you can just call it a yoga mat.
I'm going to put this on the ground because I don't want to sit on the dirty ground. I'd rather have a more comfortable mat to sit on.
When I work out my abs, I like to use this thing. What is it called?
This is called an exercise ball and I like using this because I don't have to use an actual weight to exercise this part of my body.
I am using both the exercise ball and my actual body weights to guide me to exercise.
So I'm going to put this ball on the ground and then put both of my knees on the ball, have my hands, oops!
Have my hands like this and then bring my knees to my face and then work out my abs.
That's how you work out your abs with an exercise ball. Now I'm going to start my favorite part of my workout and it's working out my legs.
So I'm going to work out my glutes, my quads, my hamstrings and my calves, four muscles in one with this machine.
This is called a Smith machine and there is a barbell that is attached securely to the machine so it doesn't move around.
But first I'm going to put some plates on it. I'm going to do 20 pounds and I'm going to begin my workout using my legs to work out.
I'm also going to put on this pad on this bar because I want to protect my neck. Now I'm going to do 10 reps of squats with this barbell.
It's completed 10 reps of squats. When you work out with your legs you can also work out specific muscles or parts of your body.
So I'm going to sit down right here and work out this part of my body, my quads.
I just did 5 reps working out my quads, but the machine next to this one will work out my hamstrings.
I'm changing my weight to 50 pounds. Also I'm very tall as you can see. So you can also adjust this machine.
So I'm going to adjust this to my ankles or at the end of this. There we go.
Now I'm going to adjust this part so that it's nice and snug to my thighs. Now I'm going to do 5 reps.
To unhook from this machine, I pull this up and then I'm free to go. Now my ultimate exercise, my last exercise, I'm going to work out my calves.
So with this machine, you work out your calves and what you do, you'll sit down.
Put your feet on this step and then you'll pull this lever and then I'm going to do 5 reps to work out my calves.
This is called a seated calf or a reason because I'm working out my calves.
Okay guys, I just finished my full body workout literally from the head to toe.
And now I'm going to pull down and meanwhile I pull down, stretch my arms, stretch my legs.
I'm going to show you the different spaces my gym has or its numbers.
This is a weight room but come along with me and I'm going to show you guys what they have to offer.
When you enter my gym, you'll see that there is a long white hallway and there are two different sides to choose from.
So you can choose the weight room with three weights or you can choose the cardio room where you have treadmills, ellipticals or rowing machines where you can work out your heart muscle.
Come along with me and let's see what else they have.
Over here they have the rest room so you have the women's rest room.
They also have the men's rest room and they have a water fountain where you can refill your water bottle right here.
And then to my right they have lockers where you can store your personal items when you work out.
So you can choose whatever locker you want to store your valuable items.
You can see my password that I've put when I first came in.
I have my towel right here that I had before, but you can store valuable items like your car keys, your phone, whatever you have that you brought in with you to the gym.
When you close this locker you type in your code one more time.
And that'll set the code but to actually close this locker you have to punch in your code one more time and there you go it's locked.
Also they have a studio space right here where they have classes scheduled on this sheet of paper.
Right now it's closed but these classes are free but it's technically not free because I am still paying for my membership.
My gym also has an elevator where you can move from different levels.
Right now we are on level one and they have four levels so they have four courts they also have a track where you can go and run.
They also have some offices here because this is a business so they have people working here.
They also have a cardio level, another gym and studio and then we are going to go downstairs.
We are going to see the pool level.
I just pressed the button to go down to the lower level.
The elevator button wasn't working for the pool level but right now this store is closed because the gym is closed right now while I'm recording this video.
So you can try to see the lap pool they have right here.
But let's go upstairs and see the track.
Now let's go upstairs to visit the track.
Now this is the track as you can hear my voice is echoing right below the track is the basketball courts.
And you can run around this track all the way around and I think 26 laps is one mile.
Okay now that you know that 26 laps is a mile.
Let's see how fast I am to run around the track.
Okay I'm not sure how many seconds that was but I'm going to put a timer to know how fast I am.
Now we're going to the last floor the fourth floor.
Let's see what we can find.
As you can see this gym is huge.
I didn't know how big this gym was but the fourth floor has different courts.
So come along with me and let's see what they have.
Wow this is a huge court.
I'm not sure what type of sport they play here.
I think it's with the racket.
So this court is where you can play racket ball so I didn't know that before.
I thought they just played pickle ball.
But yes you play racket ball.
So I think you just bounce the ball against the walls and that's how you play it.
Okay guys I have finally finished.
Coling down my body.
I have stretched my arms, my legs and I finished working out.
And I finished a little bit over time.
The gym closes at 8 p.m.
And I finished around 8-10.
And the people kicked me out because they said you need to go home.
Can you believe it?
I got kicked out three times for a video just for you guys.
Anyway, I hope you guys like, subscribe, and give me a super thing if you enjoy my videos.
I'll see you guys next week.