Hey guys, it's Adianita Lagringa, and welcome back to my YouTube channel.
If you don't know anything about me, I am a native English teacher, and I teach all of you American English.
And in today's video, I will teach you kitchen vocabulary, and you might be wondering,
Adianita, why are you in the middle of a parking lot if you are going to teach kitchen vocab?
Well, I will teach you kitchen vocabulary, at IKEA, because inside the store,
they have a ton of different kitchen showrooms.
And I think it's better to show you a variety of kitchens versus just one kitchen inside my apartment.
So, let's go ahead and lock inside IKEA.
Once you're inside the store and go up the escalator, you will follow a fixed path,
and you will follow the arrows on the ground or on the floor in one direction.
Right now, I am in the showroom entrance, but I am not at the kitchen showroom just yet,
so I have to continue to follow this path, and soon it will lead me to the kitchen showrooms.
If you don't know where to go inside the store, they have a huge sign that says,
follow the numbered signs to find what you are looking for.
I just went up the escalator, and right now I'm at the showroom entrance,
but I'm looking for the kitchen area.
So I have to follow the guided path, and then I will end up at the kitchen.
Number five is the kitchen showroom.
In today's video, I'm just going to teach you guys kitchen vocab in the kitchen showroom,
but let me know down below if you want me to come back here and show you the different showrooms they have.
For example, they have the living room showroom, the dining room showroom, bedroom, and many more.
Now let's follow the arrows that are on the ground and go to the kitchen.
I'm not at the kitchen section just yet, but right now I'm in the living room showroom,
and this living room has a kitchen as well. Now let's check out what we can find in the kitchen.
And you might be wondering, Adianita, what is a showroom? What is a living room showroom?
What is a kitchen showroom? A showroom is a place where furniture, or props,
are decorated just like a real home. I feel like I'm in someone's home.
Over here, they even have shoes that are right next to this fake door.
Everything inside the store is displayed. It is a showroom.
And it feels like I'm in a real kitchen or in someone's house.
Inside this kitchen showroom, everything has a price tag on it.
This is a price tag. And it costs $2,899. Can you guys tell me what this is called?
This is a refrigerator, or you can call it a fridge, and a fridge will store food like fruits,
veggies, and other things, and it will prevent them from spoiling. And what is this part of the fridge
called? It stores really cold food, frozen food. This is a freezer, freezer.
Inside the freezer, you can find ice, or frozen food. And what is this kitchen appliance called?
You can open it up, and you can reheat your leftovers, or you can make things like popcorn,
and you can set a timer for however long you want to cook it. What is this called?
This is called a microwave microwave. And it costs $799. I think this is the most expensive microwave I've
ever seen in my whole life. This is an oven. This is an oven, and you can bake cookies, you can bake cake,
or you can cook food. Inside the oven, this is a muffin pan, and you can bake muffins.
But let me know down below what you guys normally bake, or cook inside the oven,
and hanging on the handle to open up the oven. There are two dish towels, and I love this because
after washing my hands or washing the dishes, I like to dry off my hands using dish towels.
I just taught you guys three different kitchen appliances. I taught you guys the refrigerator.
You can also call it a fridge. The freezer, the microwave, and also the oven. Also,
this oven is almost $2,000. I don't want to stay in this kitchen too long, so let's go ahead
and walk to the next kitchen showroom. Now I'm in another kitchen. This kitchen is different from
the other one. The layout is different. So in the last kitchen, the microwave was on top of the oven.
They were together, but now the microwave is separate from the oven. This is the oven.
And on the oven, there is a cooktop, or stove top. This is an electric stove top,
and it costs $1,149. On top of this cooktop, there is a kettle. This is a kettle, and it will
boil water. You can boil water for a cup of coffee, or a cup of tea. But where is the kitchen sink?
Well, the kitchen sink is right here. It's in the island. This is a kitchen island. This is
this sink, but how do you wash dishes? What is this? This is a faucet and you turn it on like this,
and you can have hot water, or you can turn it this way and have cold water. And this faucet
is $171. In this kitchen, there is a drawer that says, look inside. Let's go ahead and check it out.
Wow. This is a drawer, and this has a light, so I can see everything inside. Now can you tell
me what are some of the items inside this drawer? What is this called? This is a whisk.
Whisk. What is this? This is a lemon squeezer. I'm closing this drawer, and let's go ahead and
check out a new kitchen. Another kitchen, because I'm not even in the kitchen showroom just yet,
I'm still in the living room showroom. Can you guys tell that I have finally made it to the kitchen
showrooms? Well, there are about 10 kitchens behind me, but I'm first going to start off and teach
you guys this kitchen over here. This is a cooktop or stovetop, but this looks a little bit different
from the one that I showed you before, because this is a gas cooktop, and what is this called
that is normally above the stovetop or cooktop? This is a hood, this is a kitchen hood,
and you can turn it on with this power button, and there are different fan settings, because this
hood will suck up all the air or the smoke while you are cooking. This is the most powerful fan,
so if you have a lot of smoke or steam you can turn this one on. Now I'm going to show you guys
three items that you'd normally find in your kitchen. What is this called? This is a cutting board,
and you can chop onions, chop vegetables, and many more items. What is this called?
This is a rolling pin, rolling pin, and you can roll out dough and make cookies, and what are these
called? These are measuring spoons, and this is one tablespoon. Now let's walk on over to the other
kitchen. This kitchen is a lot different from the other one, so they still have a hood, but this
hood is a lot bigger compared to the other one. They have an electric stovetop, but where is the fridge?
Well maybe this kitchen doesn't have a fridge, but I'm going to check out this cabinet because
it says, open me. Wow, this is a fridge. It looks exactly like a kitchen cabinet, and this
fridge costs $1,703. Also, if you want to have more storage for your food items, many homes may
have a pantry. This pantry is pretty small, it's only 200 square feet, and you can have items
inside the cabinets right here. You can have candy. My kitchen and my apartment doesn't have a
pantry. I wish it did because my apartment is pretty small, but this is actually really nice to
have inside your home, especially if you have kids. Now let's check out the next kitchen,
because right now I'm going to show you guys something that I haven't showed you yet. Now I want to show
you guys a kitchen appliance that you'll find in almost every household in the United States. It's
called a dishwasher. This is a dishwasher, and it cleans your dishes. So how do you use a dishwasher?
Well first, you will pull out the rack. This is a dishwasher rack, and you will load your
dishes onto the rack. So this is a bowl I'm putting it on the top rack, and this pot will go
on the bottom rack. And then after putting all of your dishes and loading them up inside the
dishwasher, you're going to push the racks inside the dishwasher, and then you will need detergent
or dishwasher soap, so it will clean the dishes. And then after loading up the dishes,
now you can pick your setting, click start, close the dishwasher, and then begin washing your dishes.
I want to know, do you guys have a dishwasher inside your home? And if you have one,
do you actually use it? Or do you wash your dishes in the sink and then put it on a drying rack?
Let me know down below. In the kitchen, there are cabinets, and this is the door knob to open it.
Inside the kitchen cabinet, there are shelves. These are shelves, and on this shelf,
there are plates. This is a large plate, and there are bowls. This is a bowl.
And on this shelf, there are small plates. This is a small plate, and this is a mug.
I'm going to close this cabinet, and in this cabinet, there are glasses. This is a glass,
and then over here, they have some more cups. Cups. Now, I'm in another kitchen and this kitchen
looks luxurious. It looks very modern and expensive, and this cabinet does not have a door knob,
like the other one had. I have to lift this up, and then this is where you can store more items
for your kitchen. This is a picture, and you can make juice, and you can store your juice in here.
You can make tea, iced tea. This is a picture. I'm going to close this cabinet, and below the
cabinets, there are drawers. This is a drawer, and these drawers do not have handles. So, I have to
pull out this drawer, and then over here, there are more plates. Some kitchens can be big enough
that they can have a kitchen table. This is a kitchen table. And this table is already set.
It looks like I'm going to have a dinner party, because there are plates on the table. There are
utensils set on the table, and I absolutely love having a kitchen table in the kitchen. In the kitchen,
there is a mirror. This is a mirror, and then right next to the mirror, there are different magnets
where you can put spices inside the magnets. And in front of the container, there is a
transparent lid, so you can put spices inside, and see what spices are inside, and hang it up
on your fridge, or on this magnetic knife rack. But, if it was up to me, I would put this magnet,
this container on the fridge. Now, I want to teach you guys the names of these utensils, or you can
call it silverware, silverware. What is this? This is a fork. Fork. What is this? This is a knife. What is this?
This is a spoon. Spoon. This is a bowl, and you eat with your spoon. You can eat soup. You can eat
some ice cream. Inside your kitchen drawers, you'll always find a fork, a knife, and a spoon.
What is this? This is a colander. And Ikea, you can buy a complete kitchen for under $3,300.
And your kitchen will look exactly like this one. This kitchen is under $3,300, but I believe
the other ones I showed you are above this price range. Now, I'm going to show you guys two things
that you need if you're cooking on a stove top or a cook top. What is this called?
This is called a pan. Pan. And what is this called? This is a spatula. Spatula. And these two go
hand in hand. They go together. So, if you want to cook some eggs, if you want to make eggs,
you can cook eggs in this pan, and you obviously need a spatula for that. Unfortunately,
this is the last kitchen showroom that is behind me, but if I keep walking and follow these
arrows, you can actually find things and personalize your kitchen. For example, you can find
different types of countertops and different types of cabinets for your kitchen. As I said before,
you can personalize your kitchen in this area where they have different types of knobs or handles
for your drawers or cabinets. There are a ton of different knobs that you can pick and choose from.
So, this is a gold knob, this is a silver knob, and you can choose which one will fit and suit
your kitchen. And over here, there are a ton of different kitchen appliances. So, you can pick and
choose from different types of ovens, different types of stove tops, whether you want gas or electric,
and then there are different types of microwaves that are built in your wall, built in your kitchen,
and you can pick and choose which one you like, which one is your preference. And over here,
on the computer, if you want to visualize what your kitchen layout may look like,
you can actually design your kitchen online so you can start designing and you can pick and
enclosed kitchen space or an open kitchen space. And you can start designing. You can literally
build your dream kitchen on this computer and visualize how it will look like. And what is this
called? This is an apron and you put on an apron and you wrap it around your back and you
normally use aprons while you were cooking. I wouldn't go outside and wear this. No, this is mostly
used in the kitchen. So, while you're cooking food, you will use an apron so food will not splash
on your clothes while you're cooking. And this apron will protect your clothes. So, today I taught
you guys kitchen vocabulary and I'm going to show you guys what I will buy. Talking about the kitchen,
I'm actually going to buy this picture frame and there are two picture frames and this will go
right in my kitchen. And then I will buy this funnel because I make a lot of fruit juices,
make a lot of shakes. So, when I pour the juice and specific bottles, sometimes it's filled. So,
I need a funnel to pour all the liquid in a bottle. And then finally, I'm going to buy this and this
will go on top of my leftovers that I reheat inside my microwave. And this is nice because
the food won't splash all around in my microwave and it'll be easier to clean up. Right now,
I'm in the middle of the warehouse and this is where you can pick up a big item like a kitchen
cabinet or a chair for your kitchen table. So, where do you find these big items? Well, on this
screen you can click search and then you can type in what you're looking for today. For example,
if you're looking for a desk, you can just click the word desk and then you can pick and choose
between which desks you would like to buy. Also, IKEA is a Swedish company. So, if you want to type
in an item, this item will be in Swedish. This is Mike. This is Malm and this is Utah's Polar.
So, all of their items, the chairs, desks will be in Swedish. So, here on the screen, you will pick
this item, the desk, and then this is the item, and then you can see where it is inside this store.
So, it says aisle 21, bin 1, and then I can go ahead and pick up this desk. Normally,
items like desks or chairs will be in huge boxes. So, you'll have to build a desk or chair
inside your house. And there are instructions inside this box. If you need help building a desk at
your home, and you don't have anyone to help you, well, you can come to IKEA and ask someone
to help you, but you'll have to pay for this service. Now, let's go ahead and check out these items
at the self checkout. Now, I'm going to buy this picture frame. I have to scan it. This costs $25.
This costs 99 cents. This costs 99 cents as well. So, my total is 2872. And then on this screen,
it says, would you like to add your IKEA loyalty card? And I do have a loyalty card.
So, I'm going to scan this using this scanner. And then my discount, because I'm a loyalty
member, is $1.35. Now, I'm going to pay for my items. My total on my receipt is 2729. Okay,
guys, that's all for today's video. I hope you guys learned a lot about kitchen vocabulary. Go
ahead and like, subscribe, and give me a super thing if you enjoy my videos. I'll see you guys next week.
Bye!