Hi, it's Adriana and welcome back to my YouTube channel. Today I am going to teach you six things that you should know about the United States.
We have some peculiar things that might be different to where you come from.
Now, let's start off with the first tip that you should know if you're visiting or living in the United States.
Number one, don't forget to give tips. When I say don't forget to give tips, I mean it. You can forget anything like your ID or your keys, but you cannot forget to give tips in the United States.
This is because the workers directly depend on these tips.
Restaurants pay their workers very little, so tipping is a very important part of their income.
In general, people tip around 15 to 20%. But tipping is optional. It is not mandatory.
I recommend tipping and restaurants, but this rule is also applied to Uber each drivers, delivery workers, hotel employees, etc.
So, tipping in general, make sure to always have some cash.
Number two, we use the imperial system.
Welcome to the land of pounds, feet, and inches.
The United States is in a select group of countries with mind-mart and Liberia.
I don't know where those countries are located.
Anyway, these countries, including the US, don't use the metric system.
Instead, we use the imperial system developed in Great Britain.
Now, the imperial system may be confusing and may be difficult to understand if you've never used it before.
For example, one mile is 1.6 kilometers and 100 pounds is 45 kilograms.
Next time that I say my way in kilograms, I won't feel bad.
For example, my height is 5 feet and 10 inches tall.
And even I don't even know my height in centimeters or meters because I've never used the metric system before.
And what about you? Do you know your height or weight in the imperial system?
I'm 5.10 and I'm not going to tell you my weight.
Let me know your height and weight in the imperial system down below.
Number 3, everything is huge.
You may have heard that in the United States everything is bigger here.
Now, let me tell you that everything is big here. Even the food.
I've paid in other countries and let me tell you the portions over there are so much smaller than here.
Here, meals are served in generous portions.
The coffee cups are larger than they should be.
And a small drink here could be a medium or even a large in your country.
Did you know that the United States consumes more calories than any other country in the world?
The average American consumes more than 4,000 calories per day.
But it's not just our meals that are big.
Automobiles and cars are much larger than in other parts of the world.
The best selling cars include pickup trucks, jeeps or hummers.
All of them really, really big.
For better or for worse, things are huge in the United States.
Number 4, eating on the go.
If you go around the city, you might notice that stores are empty inside,
but they're full of cars in the drive-thru.
And if you see people that go inside, they usually leave with a bag full of food
since they order it to go.
Now, you're probably wondering why are they not eating inside the restaurant?
But for me, this is something cultural because here in America,
we do not take a lot of time to eat our meals.
Whether it's breakfast, lunch or dinner, Americans have little time to eat due to their busy schedule
or their work.
Drive-thru is a popular option, but people also use delivery services like Uber Eats or
Other Ops to deliver food to their place or their work.
Number 5, sports.
Many Americans love and follow their sports.
The most popular are football as number 1, baseball as number 2, and number 3 basketball.
But as you'll discover, the major difference between the US and your home country
is that soccer is number 4 in popularity.
We don't really watch it very much.
Soccer in popularity is much smaller compared to other countries.
If you're stuck and don't understand anything about the number 1 sport in America.
Football.
American football.
Not soccer.
You can just ask your American friends because almost everyone I know knows the rules of football.
Since everyone is a huge fan of football, now you can understand why over 100 million
Americans watch the Super Bowl every year.
And this is because the Super Bowl is the most important event in America.
Even more popular than the World Cup or even the Olympics.
Number 6, the last and final thing, small talk.
One of the most important things in the States is small talk.
A lot of Americans participate in small talk, which is basically starting a conversation with strangers
about a non controversial topic like sports, the weather, or even the news.
Small talk is a good way to pass time in certain situations like waiting in a long line at a store or being in an elevator.
Don't be startled if a stranger makes a joke about the long line you're in at the store or if someone compliments your clothes or your shoes.
In fact small talk is harmless and is a great way to start a conversation with someone new and who knows you might even make a friendship out of it.
Okay everybody, these are the six things you should know about America, whether you are visiting or living here.
If you've made it to the end of this video, I want to know a little bit more about you.
So comment down below where you are from and three interesting things from your country.
Don't forget to like and subscribe.
Bye!