Hey everybody, it's Adi Anitha Lagminga and welcome back to my YouTube channel.
In today's video, I would teach you how to order food in a restaurant and to make this
video, I will actually go to a restaurant. This is a restaurant, it's called Prime,
but what is a restaurant? A restaurant is a place where people go eat and drink. Now there are
many different types of restaurants, but this one is a fine dining restaurant, which is basically
a fancy restaurant and normally you'll dress up or wear formal apparel. People will normally
wear formal attire or will get dressed up to go eat inside a restaurant. So right now, I'm just wearing
a body suit, a black body suit, a skirt, and some heels. And of course, there are more kinds of
different restaurants. For example, casual dining, this is a restaurant that offers a more relaxed
atmosphere and simpler food. Fast food, this is a restaurant that serves food quickly and cheaply.
Be sure this is a restaurant with an inexpensive and simple menu and cafe. This is a restaurant
that serves coffee, pastries, and light meals. Now it's time to walk inside the restaurant. Let's go!
When you walk inside the restaurant, you'll be greeted by the host. This is the host and this is
the host stand. So the host is the person that will greet you and we'll see you at your table.
If it's busy, you might have to wait in line, but if you don't want to wait in line,
then you can book a reservation before heading to the restaurant. A reservation is when you reserve a
table. That is the table over there. And it makes sure you have a place to eat when you get to
the restaurant. Now I have a reservation, so I'm going to talk to the host. Hi, how are you? How are you?
How are you doing? Good, how are you? I have a reservation for two F4PM. Sure, what's the name?
Ariana. Wonderful. All righty, I'll show you right this way. Thank you. Now what happens if you don't
have a reservation? Well, this is how you can get a table. Hello, how are you doing? Good, how are you?
Doing well, thank you. Do you have a reservation on this today? No, I don't. Do you guys have a table?
Of course, how many in your party? Just two. When the host asks how many in your party,
they just want to know how many people are coming to eat. Perfect. I'll show you right this way.
Thanks. Enjoy. Thank you. I am sitting at the table. I was sitting over there,
but I asked the host if I can move to this table because there's better lighting for this video.
And the host gave me two menus. This is a menu. A menu is a list of food and drink items
available at a restaurant. Now I will look through the menu to see what food I want to eat,
but as I look, I will wait for the waitress or the waiter. I'm not sure who it is. He or she will
introduce himself or herself and they will ask me what kind of beverage I will be drinking today.
And he or she will ask me if I'm ready to order. In America, we call them waiters if they're
men and waitresses if they're women. A waiter or waitress is the person who takes your order
and serves you food. Hi, my name is Gwen. I'll be your server for tonight. Can I get you
started with something drink? Yeah, I'll have a glass of water, please. Sounds good. I'll be right back
with that. Thank you. Thanks for the glass of water. Of course, after you sit down at the table,
then a server will come to you. He or she will introduce themselves and then they will ask if you
would like a beverage or something to drink. So I just ordered a glass of water, but honestly,
on the back of this menu, you can find more beverages like fountain drinks, cocktails, etc.
Thanks for the glass of water. Of course, are we ready to order? I think I need more time.
After the waiter or waitress comes back with your drink, then they will ask you if you're ready
to order, but if you're indecisive like me, you might need more time looking at the menu.
Now let's check out the menu. This is the menu and it has a list of different food options
and drink options available at this restaurant. Now typically a restaurant will have a physical
menu. It's the restaurant right now. You will scan a QR code from your phone and then you'll
see the menu appear on your phone. It won't be a physical copy like this menu. It'll be a
virtual copy. On the menu, you can find appetizers, on trays, desserts, and on the back of the
menu beverages. This is a steak house as well as a seafood restaurant. So I'm going to order
both steak and some seafood. While taking a look at the menu, it's important to be aware
if you have any food allergies. Allergies are a medical condition where your body will react
badly to certain ingredients. For example, if my friend is allergic to shrimp, remember,
we're inside a seafood restaurant. She has to be aware of what food is included or has shrimp
on top of it. So basically she can't order anything that has shrimp. Let me know down below
if you guys have any food allergies and I personally don't have any food allergies so I can
order anything from this menu. I will order a filet manion and when you order the waitress will
ask you how would you like it cooked? There are different ways to cook steak. The first way
is rare medium rare medium medium well and well done. I will order a filet manion and I like it
cooked medium well. I don't like it too raw or well done. Let me know down below how you guys
like your steak cooked. Are we ready to order? Yeah, so for my appetizer, can I get some
calamari? And then from my entree I would like the six ounce filet manion. And how would you
like that cooked? Can I get that medium well? Okay and for your side? Yeah, can I get a side of
mashed potatoes please? And do I want this all to come at once? Yes please, thank you. Okay,
I'll go put them in right now. Thanks. I just ordered food from the waitress and I use some
phrases to order food from the menu. I asked, can I get some calamari? And I would like a six
ounce filet manion. But here are some more options and phrases to order food if you're
inside a restaurant. Let's say you want to order some salmon. Some casual phrases to ask for this
order include I'd like some salmon. Can I get salmon please? I will have salmon. Thanks. But
if you want to sound more formal you can say may I get some salmon please? I'd like to order salmon
and could I get some salmon please? Meanwhile I wait for my food let's see what's on the table.
This is the table and on the table there is a table clock. It's a black table clock and then on the
table this is a napkin and before you eat you'll normally put this on your lap because if
food spills on your lap you don't want it falling on your clothes and in front of me this is a wine
glass. I'm not drinking wine because I'm just drinking water and then I have silverware or you can
also call these utensils silverware or utensils include a fork, a knife and a spoon.
And normally these will be inside a napkin but they're just laid out flat on the table.
Now what's the difference between silverware and utensils? Silverware are eating utensils
made of silver. These are silverware. utensils include forks, spoons, knives, chopsticks, etc.
even if they're made of plastic, wood or other materials. Thank you so much.
Thank you. You're welcome. Everything looks delicious. Is there anything else I can grab for you?
Maybe just a refill of water please? I'll go get that right there. Thank you.
Thank you so much. You're welcome. I just got my food
on the table. So I ordered some calamari as my appetizer. So normally with an appetizer you'll
get that before your main dish before your entree but I wanted everything together because I'm really
hungry. And then for my entree I ordered a six ounce filet mignon that is medium well and then
I also ordered a side dish of mashed potatoes. Also, if you're indecisive and you don't know
what to order you can ask the server when she takes your order what do you recommend or what's your
favorite dish on the menu? If you need something while you're eating for example a refill of
water, some more sauce or anything with your food you can call your waiter's attention. For
example you can wave your hand politely and say excuse me miss or excuse me sir and that will
call their attention and they will assist you if you need any help. I just finished my food and
everything was delicious. Now if you're not a big fan of meats like steak or animal products
you might be vegetarian or a vegan. Now what's the difference between these two terms?
Vegetarian food is a type of food that does not include any meat. Vegan food is any food that doesn't
include any meats and any other products that come from animals like eggs, dairy and even honey.
Can I clear some of this stuff out of the way? Yes please I'm finished thank you. Okay and then
can I also get a refill of some more water? Of course thanks. Thank you so much. You're welcome.
Did we want a box for this one? Yes please. Here's that box up for you. Thank you. Now what happens
if you don't finish eating all of your food like I did I had some leftover mashed potatoes. Well
you can take your food to go and it comes in a box. So these mashed potatoes will be my leftovers
for tomorrow. And would you guys like the check? Yes please can I get the check? Yes. Thank you so much
and I have my card here so I'll just give it to you now. Thank you. Thank you so much. When you're
ready to leave the restaurant you will need to pay the check or the bill. So this is the bill
and it has the total cost of your meal. And then you will pay with a credit card or cash.
Another way to pay for your meal is by splitting the bill with someone. So if you want to divide the
bill between you and another person that means you will split the bill in half. So you can ask the
waiter excuse me can you split the bill. That way for example instead of paying $50 you and your
friend will only spend $25 per person. I just paid my check or my bill and right now this is my
receipts that I paid for it. Also in the US waiters and waitresses rely on a heavy portion
of tipping as their pay. So if you eat inside a restaurant with a waiter or waitress that is
providing you a service you should tip at least 20 percent of the bill to pay the waiter or waitress
for their work. What happens if I don't want to pay a tip? Well here in America it's very common
to pay for your tip because the waitress or waiter is providing a service for you. Even if you
didn't like your food if you think it was too spicy or if you just didn't like it at all it's
common to leave a tip because that is very polite. If you don't leave a tip that could be considered
rude and impolite. So remember if you're eating inside a restaurant if you're dining in don't
forget to leave a tip. There are two ways to give a tip. Since I already paid with a credit card
I can just leave the tip amount right here and then I will add up the total right here.
But another way is just to leave a cash tip. So since I already have cash I'll just leave a cash
tip. I just paid for my meal and I tipped but before leaving the restaurant I want to show you
some more parts of this restaurant. When I first entered I was greeted by the host and then
he led me to my table or the waitress asked me if I wanted anything to eat and this restaurant
there is a bar. Behind me is the bar and it's a place where people serve drinks and the person
that served drinks is called the bartender. He's the person that mixes and served drinks and then
the person that helps out the bartender is called the bar back. He's basically like the assistants
where he helps keep everything organized and also helps with serving drinks. In of course this
restaurant has a restaurant. So if you're a man you'll use the gent's restaurant and if you're a woman
you'll use the ladies' restaurant and behind me this is the dining area so this is where the host
will seat you at one of these tables. Also behind me you can see some servers called waitresses
or waiters who will help serve you food. Also when you leave there might be some extra plates
or silverware on the table and that's where the bus boy or bus girl will help clear the table
and set up a new table for the next couple or family who want to eat at a table. In of course
every restaurant will have a kitchen. Behind me this is the kitchen and in the kitchen you will
have a chef who will prepare delicious food. My food was amazing. Also there are many more chefs
like the head chef is sous chef. You also have someone doing the dishes and then someone to bring
the food out to the tables. That's called a food runner. I just ate inside the restaurant but
this restaurant also has a patio. This is a patio and it's a nice place to eat outside
when the weather is really warm like in the summer. Okay everybody that's all for today's video
about restaurant and vocabulary. Now you guys are ready to tackle any menu. Go ahead and give
me a like subscribe and remember keep practicing your English every day. Bon appétit and I'll see
you guys next week. Bye!