Hey guys, it's Adrienne Thelagringa and welcome back to my YouTube channel and today's video
I will teach all of you how to buy a house in English in the United States
But I'm not buying myself. I'm with my friend Kathrin. He's a real tour. So Kathrin
What is a real tour? A real tour is the person that is going to help you buy
sale or rent your house. Kathrin is a real tour. So she's going to show me around the
beautiful model homes. Stay till the end of the video because Kathrin's going to tell
us the price of the house and how much it costs. And she's going to explain the steps
on how to buy a house in the United States. Kathrin, where are we right now? So we are
at a model home from Fisher Homes. What is a model home? A model home is a house
that builder's make for people to be able to see what a home would look like after they
be lit for them. Okay, so basically no one lives here. It's brand new, right? Yes.
Kathrin, now I'm curious to see what this home looks like. Can you show me around this house?
Of course, let's go inside and take a look at it.
Before taking a tour inside the house with my friend Kathrin, I will show you the front part
of the house. What is this called that I'm standing on? This is called a driveway. Driveway,
it's basically like a small road where cars can drive through. You can park your cars on the
driveway or in the garage right there. Every house in this neighborhood has this. This is called
a mailbox mailbox. The mailman will open up this mailbox and put the mail inside the box. And
you'll have your mail before walking inside the house with Kathrin. I want to ask her.
Kathrin, do you know what this part of the house is called? Well, I already this is called the
front porch. This is called a front porch, so basically it's a covered outdoor space.
And normally people will have rocking chairs or just regular chairs where they can hang out in the
evening and then over here before entering the house, there is a door mat, door mat,
outside the front door and next to the front porch. Americans normally have a security camera
and they have a doorbell. This is a doorbell. Kathrin, if I ring the doorbell, will someone answer
the door? Well, there's nobody really here because this is a model home, so it's just open,
we can just go inside. Okay, perfect, let's go inside. Well, let's start the tour with these room.
These room could be used as an office, a dining room. I mean, you can do pretty much anything you
want to do with this space. In this room, you can find four white chairs. There's also white glasses,
but this is all fake because this is a model home and there's also a coffee table in this room.
Kathrin, this food is making me really hungry. I know it looks real, doesn't it? Yeah, but it's actually
fake. Yeah, people come here all the time and try to eat it and I'm like, yeah, no, it's not real.
Let's continue with the tour. I want to show you what's behind this door over here.
Do you know what it could be? I don't know. I think it might be a closet. I don't know. Well,
it's actually a half bath. Kathrin, you just said half bath. What is a half bath? A half bath?
It's a bathroom without a shower. Basically, there's just a toilet in here. There's a sink and that's
it. There's no shower or bath tops. You can't take a bath or a shower. All right, now I
want to show you my favorite part of this home. It is the living room. Let's go check it out.
Kathrin, what can we find in the living room? Well, you can find some really nice furniture over here.
There's this windows that I love and nine-foot ceilings. Can you believe that? Wow, these ceilings
are really tall. It's really high. And Kathrin, if I want to buy this house, we'll like come with
all this furniture. No, honestly, that one happened. You usually just comes without anything on it.
They just put the furniture so you can see what it would look like. And that's why this house
is called a model home. So the clients can see the house full of furniture and it feels like a true home.
By the way, if you haven't watched my video about furniture vocabulary, go ahead and check it out.
I'm in the living room and what kind of things can you find in the living room? Well, right next
to me, there is a couch, or you can call it a sofa. This is a coffee table. And the living room is
used for relaxing so you can take a nap on the couch. You can also use the living room to entertain
your friends and family. You can watch TV. There's a TV stand right here. And over here, there is a lamp.
This is a lamp. So Ari, next to the living room, you're going to find the kitchen. And when you buy
home, the kitchen comes equipped with some appliances. So one of them is the microwave. You're also
going to have a stove and a dishwasher. Catherine, so when I buy this house, if I want to buy it,
then it comes with a microwave, a stove and a dishwasher, right? Yes. But what about the fridge?
So the fridge is the only thing that you're not going to have in the home. You have to purchase that
on your own. What is a kitchen? A kitchen is a place where you can prepare and cook food. And
Catherine, can I actually eat this cake? It looks so delicious. I wish you could. It's a spank.
Unfortunately, this is a fridge. You can call it a fridge or a refrigerator. And below the fridge,
this is a freezer. Also, if you have a kitchen, where do you keep your food? Well, you can keep your
food in the cabinets right here. Or if it's a big kitchen, you might even have a pantry.
This is a pantry. And look, there are some quicker oats. There's actually food in here. This whole
thing is called a stove. This is a stove top where you can cook things on a skillet. For example,
you can cook up some pancakes. These are pancakes, but they're fake. So I'm not going to eat them.
And then below the stove top, this is an oven oven. You can bake cakes. You can bake muffins in here.
And you can cook meat, too. Next to the kitchen, you're going to find the table. This is a dining
table where you can sit and meet with your family. There's really nice natural light coming
from out the wall and also these very beautiful jungle air. This is like something I really like
about the home. This is a beautiful chandelier chandelier. And when it gets dark out,
I can just turn on the chandelier. And the lights will come on. This is a light bulb. Light bulb.
I like that this room is very spacious and it's right next to the kitchen. Also, there's a very
beautiful painting on the wall. This is a painting. Painting. Catherine, there's a door right here
next to the kitchen table. Can you show me a little bit more of what the house looks like from the
backyard? Yes, of course. We can go out there and look at the patio. Sure, let's go.
Right now, we're outside. We're on the patio. We're sitting down in these beautiful chairs
and right in front of me, this is a fire pit. This fire pit can get really hot and it can be
really nice to roast some s'mores during the summer. And if you get really cold, you can just turn it
on. Yeah, it would be nice to turn it on right now because it's very cold. Yeah, and I don't have
my jacket. Yeah, I'm in either. This is the yard. But specifically, this is the backyard. It's just an
outdoor space and the back part of the house. Did you guys know that in British English
instead of saying, Yard, they say garden. In American English, if you were for this
part to garden, that would not be correct because a garden is where you grow plants and flowers.
Catherine, can you tell me a little bit more about what you would have in your backyard?
Yeah, well, some people put holes in the backyard. Some people also put fences when they have
dogs or pets. This is just an open backyard so there isn't a fence, but you can actually put a
pool here because this is pretty spacious. Pretty big. Before walking upstairs and having you show
me around, more parts of the house, how can people find you on social media? Yeah, well, you can
find me on both Facebook and Instagram, on Facebook, Catherine for hot, dash, hot, really. And then
on Instagram, I'm Catherine dot for hot. So if you guys want to buy a house or if you have any questions,
you can go ahead and contact her. Her social media links are right here and in the description box below.
Also, my friend Catherine is from Venezuela. Yeah, sorry. In fact, I'm trying to help the
Hispanic community because I can help them in Spanish or English. I know sometimes this hard
is difficult to buy a home in a language that is not your native language. I just wanted to throw
that out there. If anybody needs help in Spanish, I can help them as well. Do you want to go upstairs?
Now, we can check the master bedroom. It's really, really nice. Yes, let's go check it out.
This is the master bedroom, which is also called a primary bedroom. This bedroom is big.
The master bedroom is normally the biggest bedroom in the house, right? Yes. How many bedrooms
does this house have? It has four bedrooms. This house is pretty big to have four bedrooms.
Since this house has four bedrooms, you can just call it a four bedroom house. And if it has less
bedrooms, like the one next door, you can just call it a three bedroom house. This is the master bedroom.
It's the biggest room in the house. So this is a King size bed. It's pretty big. I can fit three of
me in this bed. It's huge. And then right next to the bed, there is a nightstand. This is a nightstand.
And then over here, they even have a couch in this room, a couch. And this is a walk in closet.
It's a walk in closet because you can walk in here and then hang up all of your clothes. These
bedroom has its own private bedroom. Let's check it out.
This is a bathroom bathroom. So some bathrooms in this house don't have a place where you can
take a shower or bath. And that's called a half bath. But this is a full bath. So there's a shower
right next to me. And this bathroom, there are two sinks. This is a sink. And over here,
this is a vanity vanity. And this is a nice place where you can do your makeup. And then
this bathroom is even bigger because there's another walk in closet where you can hang up
even more clothes. And then of course, this is a bathroom. So over here, there is a toilet.
Before we go to the other bedrooms, I want to show you. This is that laundry room. Here,
you can put your washer and your dryer just so you know when you buy a new home, it doesn't
come with the washer and dryer. You will have to purchase that. Katherine, we just came from the first
floor. But now we're on the second floor. Is this the third floor? Yes, that would be considered
the third floor. And this house actually has five levels. So there's three above the ground and then
two under the ground. What can I find on the third floor? So on the third floor, we're going to find
three bedrooms in one bathroom. You want to go check it out? Yeah, let's go.
Now I'm in the first bedroom on the third floor. This bedroom is a lot smaller compared to the
master bedroom. And they have two beds. Do you guys know what this bed is called?
This is called a bunk bed, bunk bed, and there's a ladder right here. So you can climb up the ladder
and then sleep on the top bunk. Now Katherine is going to walk me downstairs because she's going
to show me the basement because remember, this house is huge and it has five floors. And when I walk
down the stairs, I will use this rail to guide me down the stairs. This is a rail, so I'm putting my
hand on it and I'm walking down the stairs. That way, I don't trip in fall. You're going to notice
that the flooring changes throughout the home. The stairs are usually carpet and then the main
level is hardwood flooring. Now you can choose to make the stairs hardwood floor as well.
It just depends on what you like. Yeah, I love the hardwood floors on the first floor,
and then I love the variety you can have hardwood floors or carpet. Katherine, what's over there?
So that normally would be a garage, but since this is a model home, you're going to find the
office right there. Now let's think of the basement. Yeah, let's go. I'm so excited to see it.
Right now, Katherine and I are in the basement. So the basement is the level below the first level.
So it's underneath the first floor. This is a nice space to watch a movie or just for entertainment.
Bring your family members and just hang on in here. It's a popcorn. Yes. Now I want to
make sure that you understand there's two parts of the basement in this home. One of the parts
of it is unfinished. We're going to show you that next. So when you buy home, you have the option
to finish the basement if you want to make it a space like this or just have it unfinished and that
makes it cheaper. Okay, so this is a finished basement, but below the basement, that is the unfinished
basement right? Yes. Let's finish eating this fake popcorn and drink this fake cook before
heading downstairs. All right. Cheers. This is the unfinished basement. Some people use this as storage
space. Normally in the basement, you're going to find the furnace, which is over there behind you
and water here. Now we're in the final part of the video. Thank you, Katherine, for showing me around
the house. Here, welcome. And I have a question, how much does this house cost? So a house like this,
this is a model home, but a house like this in this neighborhood would cost around $600,000. And
actually, once they're done building in this area, they're going to sell this home to somebody.
Now that we know that this model home costs around $600,000,000, how would someone like one of
my subscribers be able to buy a house in the United States? What's the process? So that process is
going to change depending on a few different factors. You have two options. You can buy a cash,
which means that you're going to buy it with money out of your pocket and then you can buy it through
a loan. You can go to a financing company and apply for that loan. Once you have that part set up,
then you have to go with a realtor and start looking at homes. Once you find the home you like,
you can put in an offer and that's it. The house is going to be yours. So there are two ways to buy
a house. So with cash, with the money that you have saved up in your bank account, or the second way,
is getting a loan from the bank where the bank will lend you money. You borrow this money and then you
pay off this money with a mortgage. So each month you have to pay for the house and that's your
mortgage payment correct. Yes. And then you'll also be paying interest too with your mortgage,
depending on how many years you have that loan for. Yes. So if you have like a 15-year loan,
it'll have a different interest rate. Then if you're paying for a home over time, like a 30-year
loan, right? Yes. So I just want you to keep in mind that if you buy the home through a loan,
then you're going to have to put a down payment down. And the down payment could be 3 or 3.5
percent down if it's a house that you're going to be living in. And if it's an investment home,
it's around 20 percent down. So for example, if I went to buy this model home that $600,000,
then for my down payment, I have to put down 3 to 3.5 percent of the value of the house correct?
Yes. Okay, Katherine. Let's say that I have the loan approved from the bank, so I'm going to borrow
this money. And then I'm going to put around 3 percent to 3.5 percent of the original value of the home.
How much would my mortgage payment be every month? That's a question that I get a lot.
And honestly, I can't tell you a number because it depends on the different factors.
It depends on your credit score, your work history, your legal status,
it depends on a few different things. Just to give you a number, I had a client about a home
around this price, 600,000, and they were paying $5,000 per month. They just paid 3 percent of the
value of the home down. So if they had paid more, then their mortgage payment would be lower.
And that's how you guys can buy a house in America. Thank you so much, Katherine, for showing me
around the house, for giving me a house tour of this beautiful model home. And where can we reach you
once again? Well, you can reach me on Facebook and Instagram, Katherine. For her. And where do you live?
Where are you based? Well, I can help you in North and Kentucky and Ohio around the Cincinnati area.
Go ahead and contact her if you guys want to buy a home, and go ahead and give me a likes of
subscribe, and I'll see you guys next week. Bye!