Hi guys, it's Adianita and this is my first YouTube video. Yes, it's my first YouTube video.
If you don't know anything about me, I've been uploading reals on my Instagram, TikTok and Facebook,
but now I will be teaching all of you guys American English on this horizontal platform.
I'm very excited about this and I will be posting one video each week every Sunday,
and I hope you'll be just excited as me. For my very first YouTube video,
I couldn't think of anything better than to give all of you three tips on how to have a
better American accent. As you all know, I am Adianita Lagringa, which means I am Adianita
the American, so I will be teaching all of you American English. Now, I want to say one thing is that
when you are learning a language, such as English, everyone no matter where they are from,
they will have an accent, and no one accent will be better than another. Many people have
asked me about tips on how to sound more like a native speaker like an American because they
live in the United States. For many people, it may be important to have a better accent
at speaking American English because they will feel more comfortable when talking with American
English speakers. And of course, you might be wondering what is a true American accent,
but to be honest, there is no true American accent because each state in the United States
has a variety of accents. So today in this video, I will be teaching you guys
a standard American accent or what we use in Hollywood movies to give you all a better idea.
My first tip is to pronounce the T like it is an R if it is between two vowel sounds.
A lot of videos say it sounds like a D, but to me it sounds like an R. For example, this word
in American English is pronounced as water, water, but we don't say what that or what that.
Some other words that may be applied to this rule include city, sweater, and exciting.
My second tip is to know how to pronounce the S. Some Hispanic people may continue to pronounce
it with an E before the S. Try to sound like a snake when you pronounce the S. For example,
it is not a Spain, it is Spain, it is not a Starbucks, it is Starbucks, it is not a smile, it is
smile. My third and final tip is do not pronounce the T if there is an N before the T and if the T
is followed by a vowel. For example, we do not pronounce the T in this word identify other words
with this rule include counting, internet, disappointed, and 20, and remember these rules are not
applied to everyone. These are just tips to have a better American English pronunciation and sound
like a native speaker. For example, instead of saying I went to the city to get some
Starbucks and I got disappointed because I didn't have internet at the store. You can just say
I went to the city to get some Starbucks and I got disappointed because I didn't have internet at the store.
Okay guys, I hope you have learned some American English speaking tips and I am so excited to
have completed my first YouTube video ever and if this video gets 20,000 views 20k,
I will be making another video next Sunday on how to improve your American English accent with
three more tips. And remember subscribe and follow me for more and give me a thumbs up and like the
video. Bye!