Hey everyone, it's Aria Nita Lagringa and I am so excited to do my second YouTube video
because in my last YouTube video I said if it reached 20,000 views I would make a part 2
and we did it! Now we are going to make a part 2 on how to have a better American English accent
In the last video I said there is no true American accent because each state has a variety of accents
In the last video I used the standard American accent or the one you hear in Hollywood movies, which is one of the most popular accents in the United States
In case you missed my very first video my three tips to have a better American accent were pronounced the T as an R if it is between two vowels
For example, instead of saying water say water, my second tip was to know how to pronounce the S in English
For example, instead of saying a Spain say Spain try to sound like a snake when you pronounce the S
and my third and final tip was don't pronounce the T if there is an N before it and a vowel after it
For example, instead of saying internet you can just say internet. Now we are going to start with three more tips on how to have a better American English accent
The first tip to have a better American accent is something that we do without even noticing it, it's called the glottal stop
Now you may wonder what that is this is the sound we make when we pronounce words like mountain or curtain
Listen to the difference without the glottal stop I will say mountain and with the glottal stop I will say mountain
Here's another example instead of saying curtain you can also say curtain in order to achieve the glottal stop you have to break the word into two parts and not pronounce the T
Instead of pronouncing the T we will close the airway in the back of the throat. The sound made is the same sound you make when you go up a lot of water or swallow your own saliva like
Let's practice with these words instead of saying button, let's try what we practice and say button
Button, kitten, try saying kitten, kitten, man hatan, try saying man hatan, man hatan, important, try saying important, important.
My second tip is to use contractions, try to use as many contractions as you can because native speakers love using them because they shorten down their sentences.
The use contractions to speak fast and sometimes that helps us because sometimes we are in a hurry and you know time is money. Let's try some examples.
Instead of using I am use I am hungry. I am hungry. Another example is with the word would. Instead of saying I would like to go home use the contraction.
I would like to go home. This rule is also applied to other pronouns. In this example I used the first person pronoun I and combined it with the contraction.
You can also say he, he'd like to go home. She'd like to go home. This rule is the same with negative contractions. Instead of saying is not you can just say isn't.
For example this remote control is not working or you can just say this remote control isn't working. Another example of a negative contraction is with the word can.
Instead of saying I cannot work tonight you can just say I can't work tonight. In general use contractions as much as you can because it will help you sound like a native speaker.
My third and final tip is to pronounce the word you likecha. Now you may think I'm crazy but I'll let you know what I'm talking about.
And if you just noticed I didn't say I'll let you know I said I'll let you know. This is something that all Americans do and my friends and I we all use it.
For example instead of saying don't you just say don'tcha don't you think it's hot outside don't you think it's hot outside. Another example is in the phrase what are you thinking instead just say whatcha thinking whatcha thinking when you are using this tip you are not pronouncing the word separately.
But the words are all together. For example what you like whatcha like these words are together. Let's see what you've learned I will give you a sentence using all the tips I have taught you to sound like a native speaker.
I do not know what you are doing but I think we should go to Manhattan with my friend. It is important to me since my friend is not working today and she is always busy.
And now let's try it with the tips I have taught you. I don't know whatcha doing today but I think we should go to Manhattan with my friend.
It's important to me since my friend is always working and she's always busy. Okay guys I hope you liked this video. Thank you so much for all of your kind messages for my very first video that I did last week.
I know it's hard for me to respond to all of your messages but I always read every single one of them. Remember to subscribe and like this video so I can continue to make more content of American English every Sunday. See you all next week. Bye!