Hey guys, it's Adianita Lagdinga and welcome back to my YouTube channel.
If you guys don't know anything about me, I am a native English teacher from the United States
teaching you guys English at different places.
Can you guys guess where I'm at today?
Just by looking at the beautiful buildings around me?
I am in downtown New York City, but specifically Manhattan.
And in today's video, I am going to teach all of you downtown vocabulary.
And New York City is the best city the city that never sleeps to teach you guys downtown
vocab. But before starting this video and teaching you guys some downtown vocab, what does
the word downtown mean?
Downtown is a part of a city or a town where there are a lot of tall buildings, stores,
and offices, or it's just the center of the city.
Now let's learn some English vocab in New York.
One of the main characteristics of a downtown area are the tall buildings like the ones behind
me, but what is a very tall building called, like the one right next to me?
This very tall building located in the center of downtown New York is called
One World Trade Center. This building is called a skyscraper skyscraper.
And why is it called skyscraper? Well it's called skyscraper because the building is scraping the
sky. And this skyscraper has many levels or floors.
This skyscraper is cell tall that I couldn't even fit it in this video. This skyscraper is the
tallest building in the entire United States of America at 1776 feet.
Now what do you think is inside of a huge skyscraper? Are there apartments, hotels,
offices, businesses? Actually there's everything. Some skyscrapers have hotels, apartments,
offices, businesses, and more things. Overall a skyscraper can be used in a variety of ways
and produce a lot of money with the businesses they have inside. Go ahead and tell me
what is the tallest building or skyscraper in your city where you are from?
When you exit a building like this one, the first thing you see is this right here. This is
called a sidewalk and you walk on the sidewalk. Also this sidewalk is huge because we are in New York
and there are over 8.8 million people living in New York. Can you believe it?
Its population is huge. This right here that I'm tapping my toe on is called Be Curb. This is the
curb and it separates the sidewalk from the streets. Another important part of a city are the streets.
This is a street. And as I said before, New York City has a large population and a bunch of tourists.
As you guys can see behind me, there are so many people walking around and tourists. These streets
are where cars will drive on to get to places like going to work, traveling or running errands.
You may think that New York City is full of skyscrapers and tall buildings because its
nickname is the Concrete Jungle. Well that's all true, but they also have a plaza right behind me
full of trees, grass and green areas. A plaza is a public square where people can walk around
and enjoy the city. And they can get a breath of fresh air from working all day. They can walk
their dogs and hang out with their family. This plaza is called the 9-11 Memorial. And as you can
see behind me, it was constructed in memory of the victims from 9-11 and the events of that. But
this memorial has a fountain inside of it. Normally plazas can have fountains or they can have
public figures like statues in the middle of the plaza. This is a squirrel. The squirrel is climbing
a tree in the plaza. These are two pigeons. The pigeons are walking on the sidewalk.
Some downtowns like the one in New York have a lane just for bicyclists. So this is called a
bicycle lane. Right next to me is a sidewalk and on the other side this is the street. So the bicyclists
can easily ride their bikes in this lane without trying to ride their bike on the street or
in between people walking on the sidewalk. Let me know down below if you guys have a bike.
After visiting a big city like New York, you realize how big the world really is. And how important
it is to speak different languages to communicate properly with others. And the best tool to learn
a new language is from the sponsor of today's video. Preply. I've been studying Spanish with
Preply and I felt so comfortable talking with native Spanish speakers. You can do the same thing
and learn over 50 languages with Preply. You will have access to over 32,000 extra tutors to help
you achieve fluency and a language. And the cool thing about this is you can choose a native
teacher from any part of the world. For example, I can take a one-on-one class with a native
Spanish teacher from Mexico, Peru, or Argentina. And I can learn the way that they speak
and learn new vocabulary. If you want to learn English or a new language, take advantage and use
my code Adia Nita 50 for a 50% discount on your first trial. Thanks to Preply for sponsoring this
part of my video. Now let's get back to learning more downtown vocab. Moving on from talking
about skyscrapers, flaws us, this huge building right behind me is a shopping mall, or it's
called a mall. Usually a downtown area will have a mall, but some may not. Also, this is one of
my favorite shopping malls in New York City because it's huge and below it is a subway station.
Let's go find out and see what the shopping mall has to offer for the customers. Now you can see
why it's one of my favorite malls in the city because this mall is huge and it's a very
touristy part of the city. There are stores inside on the first level. Also below the shopping mall
is the subway station. Now let's move to another part of downtown New York, but one of the
fastest ways to get there is using the subway, which there's one behind me. We're going to use
this crosswalk. I'm a pedestrian so I'm going to walk across the crosswalk and enter the
subway. Let's take the subway. I'm walking down the stairs and when you enter the subway,
you first need a metro card. This is the card that will let you enter the subway. You can buy a
card right here at this metro card bending machine and this costs around three dollars. You can
enter the subway by paying with Apple Pay, but I already have a metro card so I'm just going to
slide through. Right now I'm on the subway platform and I'm waiting for my train to arrive because
I am going to take you guys to a special place. Now I'm going to enter the train. I'm exiting the train.
I just made it to my stop. Now let's go upstairs and go to the street. I'm finally on the street and the
subway is definitely one of the fastest ways to move around New York City. Let me know if you guys
have a subway in your city and let me know where you're from. Can you guys guess where the subway
took me? Right now I'm in the middle of Times Square. There are so many billboards and huge screens
that are displaying ads of different companies and businesses. Almost every downtown has a coffee shop.
Behind me is a Starbucks coffee shop. If you're a coffee lover, a coffee shop is something you
cannot miss if you're downtown or in the city. Also, if you want to learn how to order coffee
at a coffee shop, I just recorded a brand new video ordering coffee and teaching you
I English on how to order coffee at the coffee shop. I just got to the final part of this video.
Right now I am in Central Park. This park is in the middle of downtown New York City. Behind me
you can see the skyline of the beautiful skyscrapers. Also, I just got my hot dog and this hot dog
costs four dollars and fifty cents. Normally, we're from Cincinnati, Ohio. These hot dogs
would normally cost on the street around two dollars and fifty cents. This is the hot dog bun.
I have the hot dog and ketchup and mustard. If you guys made it to the end of this video,
thank you for following along. I'm really hungry so I'm going to finish eating my hot dog.
Don't forget to like, subscribe, and give me a super thing if you enjoy my videos. Bye!