Hi guys, it's Aria Nita Laglinga and welcome back to my YouTube channel.
As you can see from the title of this video, we are going to be talking about cars.
I am going to teach you car vocabulary and this is a very important topic here in the United
States because everywhere you go, you see cars. In fact, there are more cars than people.
You might ask yourself why are there more cars than people in the United States?
And that is because in some cities, a car is a necessity versus being a luxury.
Of course, a car can be a luxury but the US makes it so that cars are a necessity here.
For example, imagine I'm at the movie theater but I need to go home.
How am I going to get there? If I don't have a car, I have to walk a lot of miles to my nearest
bus stop. But where are the bus stops? The bus stop may be 5 miles away so the best option for me
is to call an Uber to order an Uber or to have a car. The second reason why there are more cars
than people in the US is because cars are accessible. It doesn't matter if you have a well-paying
job or if you have a minimum wage job, you can go to the dealership and buy your own car because
dealerships will offer you credit so you can pay your car month by month. And when you want to buy a car
at the dealership, you can get the car the same day and sometimes you don't even need a down payment
for the car. A down payment is the initial payment of the thing that you were buying like a car or a house.
Of course, nothing would be possible without a credit card. In order to buy a car, a house,
you need a credit card with a good credit score. Now let's learn some car English vocabulary.
I'm first going to start off with the exterior part of the car, the outside of the car,
and then move into the interior part of the car, the inside of the car.
I'm standing in the front of the car, but now let's play a little game. I am going to give you
three seconds and you are going to name the part of the car I'm pointing at. What is this part of
the car called? This big window. Here in the U.S. this is called a windshield and they windshield
protects us from the wind. Now what happens if a bird poops on your windshield? What do you clean
it with? You clean it with the windshield wiper windshield wiper. Now what is this part called?
That protects the engine of the car. This is called the hood. This is the hood of the car.
I'm going to show you the engine by opening up the hood of the car. But first I need to open up my car.
And how do I open up my car? I open up my car with the key fob. This is a key fob and this is
mostly used in more modernized cars. If you have an old car, you would just have a key to open
up your door. So I'm going to unlock my car. That's the sound to unlock it and open up the
hood of the car. To open up the hood of the car, I am looking for the lever and I just found it
and then I'm going to pop it open. That sound let's see now that the hood is open. I'm going to
open up the hood of the car. But I'll be honest with you guys. Sometimes it's a bit tricky to find
the handle of the hood of the car but I found it. I'm going to open this up and attach this leg right
here and there we go. The hood of the car is open and you can see the engine and everything underneath.
Right here is the engine of the car and next to the engine is the car battery. I've actually
had a lot of trouble with the car battery. It used to dial me a lot because I used to leave the
lights on in my car overnight and that was a problem. Anyway right here is the windshield fluid
for the windshield wipers. Now I'm going to close the hood of the car. There we go. We're finished
but we're not finished with the front of the car. So we're going to still play the game. This is
the grill of the car but inside the grill what is the big piece in front of the car. You have three
seconds. This is called the front bumper front bumper. Continuing with the game this one should be
pretty easy for you. What is this called? This is called the front light. You have two front lights
and you have two back lights but there are two types of lights in the front lights. So you have your
high beam lights which are called your brights and you usually turn on your brights when you can't see
things far away when it's really dark outside and then you also have your low beam lights which you
always have your low beam lights when you're driving during the night. Moving from the front of the car
to the side of the car what is this circular thing right here called? This is called the car
tire or the tire and what is inside right here? This is called the car rim or just the rim. This car
is a sedan so it has four doors. It has two doors on this side and two doors on the other side.
But what if a car only has two doors? That car is called a coupe. On the door you have a door
handle that you use to open up the door and right here you have the car windows and these windows
are tinted to block out the sun when you're driving and I forgot to tell you guys that in the windshield
you cannot have a tint in the front windshield but the other parts of the car like the windows
and the back part of the car you can't have a tint. Even if you want your front part of the car
your windshield to be tinted you cannot because that is illegal. The only part you can have tinted
is just the very top and what is this part of the car called? This is called a side mirror and a side
mirror is necessary if you are looking to your left or right to see if a car is in your lane.
Because if you want to turn to the left side you use this side mirror to see if a car is in your
blind spot and the blind spot is literally when a car is right next to you and you cannot see it.
When we are talking about the tire the whole thing is called a wheel. This is a car tire and then
these are the rims. But right here in the rims you can see the car brake and the car brakes help
you stop the car when you need to stop and above the wheel you have the gas tank. Normally if you
had an old car you would just press this gas tank and it would open up but I have to open up this
car because it is newer and look for the button the gas tank button hold it and then there you go
it clicks and the gas tank is finally open. This car uses fuel called gasoline but in other cars
like electric cars you would have the same knob but you would have electricity going inside the car to
charge it. But what if you have both gas and electric going inside your car? That means your car is a hybrid
car which is both electric and gas. I'm finally in the back part of the car and now let's continue on
with our game. What is this part called? This is called a license plate. In some states you need a
license plate in the back of the car and in the front of the car. But as you saw before in the video
I do not have a license plate in the front of the car. So this state where I live Ohio you only need
a license plate in the back of the car. These two lights right here the red lights are called
the back lights or the brake lights and don't forget to always have your brake lights working
because if not you'll get pulled over and get a ticket because that happened to me. As I told you
before the front of the car is called the front bumper but this part of the car is called the fender
or you can just call it the rear bumper. Now what do you call this part of the car where you can
open it up and store your groceries or a large amount of items? This is called the trunk and you
open the trunk with the keyfob or in some cars you have to actually go inside the car and open it up
inside the car. So I'm going to use the keyfob and hold the trunk button. There you go the trunk is open
and with a sedan this trunk you cannot see everything inside the car unlike a hatchback because
the hatchback when you open up the car you can see all the seats inside but with this trunk
you have a limited amount of space. What happens if you have a flat tire? That means that you need
a change tire and where would you have another tire? Well you have a spare tire in your trunk
you just lift up this mat and you lift this part up and here you have the spare tire and I'm putting
this mat back down and here you have the tools to change your tire and in case your car battery
runs out like mine used to do all the time you have what's called jumper cables to jump the
battery and turn on your car. I hope you guys are still watching this video because if you do have a flat
tire now you guys know that there is a spare tire in your trunk moving on from the exterior part of the car
the outside of the car. Now I'm going to teach you guys English vocabulary inside the car. So right now
I'm in the driver seats and right here is the passenger seats and the first thing that you do
when you get inside the car is put on your seat belt. If there was someone else in this car and you
wanted them to put on their seat belt you can just say the phrase buckle up that means that everyone
else should put on their seat belt. Now I'm really hot so I'm going to close my door
since we're in the middle of the summer. Put my key in the ignition. Turn on the car
and I'm going to blast the AC because it is so hot. When you turn on the car you can see lights flickering
right in front of you and that is called the dashboard. The dashboard has gadgets like the
speedometer that will help you see the speed of the car and as you can see the three letters
called MPH that is called miles per hour because here in the United States we use miles instead
of kilometers but inside of the miles per hour you can see the kilometers per hour because you can
change from miles per hour to kilometers per hour but I wouldn't recommend that since all of our
signs say miles per hour here and you can also see the fuel gauge so you can see how much fuel is in
the car. I'm not empty so I still have fuel inside my car and then in the middle of the dashboard
you can also see how many miles you have driven on your car and you can also change the dashboard
with this new modernized car so you can see how many miles are left inside the car so you know
when you need to fill up your gas tank. Now let's continue on with our little game so what is this
circular thing called? This is called a steering wheel and it helps you steer your wheels and
what is this called? This is called the horn and the action of doing this is honking your horn
and behind the steering wheel you have a left switch and a right switch so the left switch is for your
turning signal which I have my left turning signal on right now but I can switch to my right
turning signal and you can see the turning signals from the front lights and the back lights and
from this left switch right here you can also turn on your lights you can turn your low beam
lights on which are necessary for driving during the night and you can also turn on your
now this right switch right here is to turn on your windshield wipers which I'm going to turn them on
right now but if you want to add water and clean your windshield you just push this in and water will
come out and there you have it the windshield wipers are wiping the windshield now if I want to
put my windows down I want to roll down my windows I'm going to press this button and now I roll
down my windows but if I want to put my windows back up I'm going to press this button one more time
and the windows are rolled up now what do you call this triangular button right here this button is
used to turn on the hazard lights so these hazard lights will turn on to the front and the back of
the car I'm going to turn off the hazard lights but you would normally turn on your hazard lights
if you get pulled over or if you're on the side of the road and you need help or assistance
with your vehicle this part of the car right here is called the center console and the center console
has a screen where you can change from the menu and also change your music how louder how low you
want it and you also have a map also on your center console you also have the AC or the heat so
you can turn on the AC or you can turn on the heat if it gets cold outside right here is called
the cup holder which you normally store bottles of water or cups but this is an empty bottle of
water and next to the cup holder is this thing this is called the armrest and it's used to rest my
arm and I'm driving and I have some storage in here also what do you guys keep inside the armrest
let me know but some cars do not have an armrest so some people have to have their arms on the
steering wheel all day and cannot rest their arms and before driving the car and taking you guys
for a ride to the car wash I wanted to show you guys the back of the car this is the second
row of the car and it's called the back seat and because this car is a sedan it has two rows and
the most important thing in order to keep your car clean you need to have a good mat so this is just
a typical leather mat it would use on the floor of your car and it is easy to clean because you can
just wash it right now I'm in the back seat of my car I'm acting like another passenger and I
like to keep my car nice and clean by having these little air fresheners throughout my car how
do you guys take care of your car do you like to keep a nice and clean or are you messy now that I
have finally finished teaching you guys English car vocabulary I'm going to take you guys for a ride but
first let me put my seatbelt on let me buckle up turn on my car and make sure my rear view mirror
is in the place I need it so I can see the cars behind me and the sun is still out and shining
so bright so I'm going to put this visor down to protect my eyes in order to move my car I use the
shifter right now it's in park but if I want to change the gear I can move it to drive this is an
automatic car so I do not have to change gears like a manual car I just have to move it to drive
and then I'm all set and ready to go right now the shifter isn't park be for park but you can also
change it to R for reverse and right here you can see that I have a backup camera in this car
but in my previous car I did not have a backup camera so I had to use my side mirrors to guide
me when I back up now I can also change the shift to neutral and then I can also change it to drive
which I'm doing right now also next to drive there is S so S is for sport mode and right here is
echo mode and this helps to save gas and then I also have normal and next to it I have sport so
sport makes me waste a lot more gas because I go faster but you have the S where I can change to sport mode
and I have the addition sign and the minus sign so I can change my velocity and how fast I'm going
by pressing this button right here now that I just finished teaching you guys English vocabulary
let's buckle up together and go to the car wash this is one of the ways I take care of my car
now I'm going through the car wash I'm going to roll up my window so the inside of my car
doesn't get wet and I've already paid for the car wash so come along with me so when you go through
the car wash there will be someone working here that will guide me with the wheels from going straight
and they'll tell me to put the car in neutral and I don't even have to touch the car touch the
steering wheel or the gas pedal I'm going to park over here to clean the inside of my car
I'm finally finished washing my car and it's cleaner but it was already cleaned before and you can
also vacuum inside the car and vacuum all the stuff on your mats using this vacuum right here
but you have to pay over there at that machine and insert two dollars but my car mats are
already clean so I don't have to vacuum inside my car and the outside of my car to get a clean
cost me $10 but this car wash is automatic so it can get even priceier up to $20 let me know down
below if you guys go to an automatic car wash or if you just wash your cars at home buy yourselves
okay guys I'm finally finished with this YouTube video and I hope you guys have learned a lot of
new English vocabulary with your car let me know down below what type of car you guys have
and how much would you pay to get your car washed I finally finished with this video go ahead
and give me a like subscribe and give me a super thing if you guys support my channel I'll see
you guys next week bye!