Hello, everybody! My name is Adianita Lagdinga and welcome back to my YouTube channel.
In today's video, I'm at the University of Cincinnati and I will teach all of you
college vocabulary. I will show you around this campus and all of the buildings that are on
this campus as well as teach all of you the different majors that this university offers.
Now you're probably wondering, Adianita, why did you say University of Cincinnati
and college in the same sentence? Well, these terms can be confusing, especially for
international students. So now I will teach you the difference between university and college.
The first thing you should know is that in the United States you can use these words,
college and university interchangeably. Both of these words basically refer to schools that offer
undergraduate programs. So after you graduate high school, then you can go to college or university.
However, there are some differences in America. A college is a school with an university.
For example, this campus has 14 colleges. They have the College of Business, the College
of Arts and Sciences, which is right behind me, College of Nursing, etc. So as I said before, both of
these terms are correct. So you can say, I am a college student or I am a university student.
Both terms are correct. But I would normally just say, I am a college student because
that's more common. But if you do say you're a university student, I'll still understand you.
Now I will show all of you around this beautiful campus. Let's go.
There are many college students walking around this beautiful campus. But first off,
what is a campus? A campus is the land owned by a college or university. When you hear the
term campus, you'll generally think of a college or university. You'll see a lot of classrooms,
big buildings, cafeterias, libraries, dormitories, and you might even see a football stadium.
This campus has a football stadium right in the middle of it. And I'll show you guys that a little
bit later. But right now, let's continue and I'll show you guys even more parts of the campus. Let's go.
And when you go to college, you need to choose what to study. That is called a major. So a major
is basically what you will focus on for the next four years while earning your degree. For example,
some majors that this university offers are finance, marketing, mechanical engineering,
information technology, or you can just call it IT and also nursing. Now I will tell you guys what
my college major was and what my college looks like because I studied from this university exactly
one year ago. Come along with me. Let's go check it out.
Okay guys, I just walked to the nursing school. This place is very special to me
because I graduated from this school exactly one year ago with my BSN or Bachelor of Science
and Nursing. I made so many memories inside this building and that's because I made so many
great friends and had amazing professors. Talking about professors, some of them made hard subjects
like chemistry really easy to understand. And I know how important it is to have good teachers.
So that's why I want to tell you about today's sponsor. Prep Lee is a language learning platform
with thousands of native tutors. On the app, you can practice English or any other language
with teachers who will actually motivate you and support your language learning journey.
You can use filters to narrow your search and find the perfect teacher and you can find a
lesson that fits your budget and busy schedule. If you learn best from talking to real people
and want to learn a new language, you should check out Prep Lee. Use my code,
Adianita 50, for a 50% discount on your first trial. Thanks to Prep Lee for sponsoring this
portion of this video. Let's get back to the video. One thing that people may be confused about
is the difference between teachers and professors. Teachers work with young children and teenagers
from preschool up until high school, whereas professors work with teenagers and adults in college.
Teachers who want to become full-time professors will need to earn a doctorate. And if you're a doctor,
that means you're an expert in your field. So if you're in preschool or high school,
you will call your teacher, Mr. Mrs. or Mrs. For example, Mr. Smith, Mrs. Smith, Ms. Smith.
But if you're in college, your professor will have a doctorate. So they would prefer to be
called Professor Smith or Dr. Smith. So if you have a question in class and you raise your hand,
say, Professor Smith, I have a question, or Dr. Smith, I have a question. So you'll use Professor
or Dr. if you're in college. Before heading to the next college, I wanted to show you that this
campus is huge and it's so big that there are signs that will guide you to places. So if you get
lost, you can just look at this big sign and see where to go. This campus also has a hotel.
That is a hotel. A hotel is for visitors who are from out of town. But what happens if you're studying
here at this university, your student and you don't have anywhere to stay? Well, you won't pay
for a hotel every night. No, you will stay at the dorms. So now that you guys know that this
university has dorms where students can sleep, let's go ahead and check them out.
I'm in front of the dormitory. By an English, we normally just shorten the
word and call it dorm dorm. These are dorms. Dorms are where college students will live. And
these dorms are on the campus. As you can see to my left, students can just walk from their dorms
all the way to the college of law or to the college of business over there. A dorm can describe
either the building itself, this is a dorm, or it is the room that you sleep in. Personally,
I never lived in a dorm since I lived with my parents and I wanted to save money. But if you
guys ever lived in a dorm, let me know down below in the comments. Now let's go visit the next college.
Now we are at the second college, the college of medicine. There isn't only one building like
the nursing school had because the college of medicine will be a bunch of different buildings.
And at this college, you can become a doctor or physician, or you can become a researcher.
The college of medicine can also be referred to as medical school, medical school. And you can take
many different career paths, but you can become an anesthesiologist, an OBGYN, pediatrician, dermatologist,
you can be a doctor in emergency medicine, or you can also become a doctor of internal medicine.
So if you study at the college of medicine, you'll probably be at this place. And the hospital
is right next to the college of medicine. So after you graduate, you'll move on to the hospital,
the next building. Now let's go to the next college.
Hi, what is your name? Hi, my name is Hannah. Hi, Hannah. What is your major?
My major in undergrad was biology, and I'm graduating with my farm D. Awesome, and then how many years
is pharmacy school? Pharmacy school is four years. What was your favorite part about the program?
I think all of the teachers and professors were super supportive and understanding of everything
that happened in pharmacy school. It's hard and they're always there to help and support.
And then what was your hardest class? Oh goodness. I would say pharmacokinetics for me personally.
I think other people would say different. Hannah is about to graduate from the college of pharmacy
and she's wearing a doctoral graduation gown. She is wearing a gown, a cap, a sash, and many chords.
Now we're at the next college, the college of law. Right now, I'm next to this huge statue
of William Howard Taft. And at law school, you'll have classes about civil rights,
criminal justice, the constitution, and when you graduate law school, you'll become a lawyer,
and then once you pass your exams, then you'll become an attorney. Once you become an attorney,
you'll be licensed to practice law. But a lawyer has completed law school, but they haven't passed
any exams, so they are not licensed to practice law. Now let's see what a typical classroom
looks like at this college, the college of law. Right now, I'm in a typical classroom in the
college of law. These chairs and tables are facing these windows. Over there is the professor's desk
and the podium. And when he presents something, he will turn on the projector. That is the projector,
and then the screen will come down and then you'll see his slides or his presentation on the screen.
Right now, you can't see the screen because it's hidden in the ceiling. In case if the professor
doesn't want to use the projector in the screen, then he can write notes or draw things on this
whiteboard. This is a whiteboard. This is a typical classroom in the college of law,
but in other colleges, their classrooms may look differently. So come along with me and let's go check
out some more classrooms. Right now, I'm inside a huge classroom. I have to be quiet because
there is a class in session. This classroom is called an auditorium. They can fit over 300 students.
Can you see how big it is? It doesn't matter where you sit inside this auditorium. For example,
I'm in the last row in the very back, but I can hear very clearly because the stage is over there,
and once the professor speaks, it will echo over here. Let me know down below if you would sit in the
very front of the classroom, like a good student, or would you sit in the very last row like I'm
doing right now. Behind me, this is the college of business. It's called Linder College of Business,
and there are many majors you can choose from, so you can study accounting, marketing, finance,
entrepreneurship, and international business. These are some of the most popular or common majors
in this college, but they also have even more business-related majors. So if you like business
or finance, this school would be great for you. Right now we're in front of the engineering building.
This is where you can study and become an engineer. So this university offers a bunch of
different majors, but some types of engineers you can become include a mechanical engineer,
a chemical engineer, aerospace engineer, electrical engineer, biomedical engineer, and many more.
And this building is where you will take your exams and study, so you'll be spending maybe all
four years in this building. Now we are in front of the College of Arts and Sciences.
Do you guys recognize this building? Well, if you do, that's because we started this video
right in front of this building. This college offers more than 40 majors. So some of the most
common majors you can study include chemistry, mathematics, English, neuroscience, and you can
study languages like Spanish, French, and German. Now let's go visit the next college and the
last college. Let's go. Now I'm at the very last and final college. Well, this isn't the last
college because there are many more colleges, but I wanted to show you guys the most popular
colleges that this university offers. And right now I'm in front of the College of Design,
Art, Architecture, and Planning, but you could just call it DAP. And right now I will meet up with
my friend Kat, where she will show me this beautiful college, and we are going to learn some
more university vocab with her. Come along with me. Hey Kat, how are you? What are you doing?
I am on the searcher machine right now. Also, this is my friend Kat, and she studies here at DAP,
the College of Design, Art, Architecture, and Planning. Kat, what is your major? I study fashion design.
You study fashion design. Okay, and then how many years have you studied that? So it is a five-year
program, unlike most other college majors. Yeah, so normally in your undergraduate study for four
years, so the first year student will be called a freshman. Second year student is a sophomore.
Third year is a junior, and fourth year is a senior. But we don't have a name for a fifth year
student, so you'll just say I'm a fifth year student. So I know you're studying fashion design,
but what other majors can you study in this college? So within DAP there are a ton of other majors
you can study. There's communication design, which is our version for graphic design. We also have
industrial design that has a couple different tracks. We also have architecture, interior design,
urban planning, which is kind of planning out where things go in a city, as well as fine arts,
and everything that kind of falls within that. This college has a bunch of majors to choose from.
And then what is your favorite part about your major? My favorite part about my major is just being
able to design whatever I want, and really being able to see an idea from the start to the finish.
I think that's just the best part about being in design overall is seeing an idea from the start
and then seeing it come to life. Can you show me what a typical classroom may look like?
Yeah, come on, let's go! So before we head to another classroom I wanted to show you a little
bit about what I do in here. This is the senior studio, so right now it houses all of our senior
collections. And here is a little bit from mine. So here is one of my pieces. My entire concept is
in relation to sound, so I really wanted to translate that in a visual sense. Next week we will have
a fashion show where all of these looks will be shown. So Kat actually asked me to model for
her collections, so this is a picture of me modeling in the collection and it was a great experience.
I loved it. So this is our sewing lab. It holds most of our high-tech machinery, so we have a lot
of industrial sewing machines, as well as some specialized sewing machinery, such as button
home machines, active seams, cover stitch. So basically, this is a sewing studio, so this is a
sewing machine right here, and you'll basically be sewing clothes and working on your project,
like your capstone project, right? Yeah, definitely we've spent a lot of time in here this semester.
Kat, since you're a fashion design student, what is your favorite piece to design?
So I really love to knit and specifically within this school, I've learned how to do knitting
on a machine, so we use standard gauge machine for knitting, but I also learned to hand knit
as a little girl from my grandma, so it kind of is a way for it to all become full circle for me,
and so I really like to make knitwear, probably the most. Okay, and then what is the hardest
piece to design? I think the hardest pieces are things that are super tailored. I personally have
never done a corset or lingerie or anything in kind of the menswear shooting space, and I think
those were definitely the hardest types of pieces to make, because you have to be really precise
with all of your measurements. If you have like a bigger person, a taller person, it's harder to
design on someone. Yeah, this is a mannequin. And our mannequins only come in a couple of sizes,
so there's only so much we can do. Everybody is different, so it really is super special to have
a custom tailored piece to your body. Okay, Kat, thank you so much for showing me around your
college. This was amazing, but now what are your future plans after you graduate this school?
So for my future plans, I will be moving to New York. I just accepted a job, and I will be
going to American Eagle as an assistant designer on the women's fleece team, which is the team
that I interned on when I was there as well. Well, congrats, and I hope you have a great time in New York.
And then, where can people find you on social media? You can find my design account at Katherine
Settendorf and my personal account at Kat Seds. Great, go ahead and follow her down below.
Now what can you do on campus besides studying all day and being in class? Well, you can
head to the football stadium. Right now I'm at the football stadium, and you can go play some
sports on the football field. Right over there, there are some people throwing a frisbee.
Those people are playing a game with a ball, and then over there, those people are fencing.
You can basically use this football field whenever you want, because it's right in the middle of the
campus. But this campus also offers soccer fields. There are some tennis courts, baseball fields.
There's a track in field, and many more. Now let's go take a look and walk on the football field.
Right now I'm on the football field, and it's really hot. But before ending this video,
you guys might be wondering, how much does it cost to attend college or university? Well, if you
want to study at this university, University of Cincinnati, it will cost $14,436 per year.
That's only if you're in state. If you're out of state, for example, if you live in a different
state besides Ohio, then you'll probably pay around $28 to $30,000 each year. Now what happens if
you're a really good student, but you don't have enough money to attend college or university?
Well, then you can apply for a scholarship. A scholarship is the amount of money a school,
college or university will give to a student to help pay for their college education. There are
two different types of scholarships. You can get a full ride, a full ride scholarship, which will
pay for your tuition, books, ribbon board, and sometimes food. And this will cover everything.
But most scholarships will only cover part of your tuition. For example, you might get a scholarship
per semester or for the whole year. For example, you might get $2,000 per semester
that may cover some of your books or some of your expenses. So when I say tuition,
that is the feed that you'll be charged with as a student to study at a college or university.
You can also receive financial aid if you apply for it. For example, if your income level is below
a certain amount, the government will help pay for your college. And I think having scholarships
and also offering financial aid is a great way for students to study at a college or university,
because it'll allow anyone to study at a college or university. Because remember,
college is expensive in America. And then finally, after four years of studying and working hard
for your degree, you will finally graduate. This is a picture of me graduating from last year.
Go ahead and let me know down below if you guys want to college or university. And what did you
guys study? I hope you guys enjoyed this video. Go ahead and give me a like, subscribe,
and I'll see you guys next week. Bye!